Date and Time: Monday, March 29, 2021 10:36:00 AM EDTJob Number: 140096286Documents (3)1. LOWER FEES, BETTER TECH?;NEW VOICES ARE VYING FOR SPACE IN THE FOOD-DELIVERY WORLDClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: "Data Science"Search Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsSources: Los Angeles Times2. How to erase the digital divideClient/Matter: -None-Search Terms: "Data Science"Search Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsSources: Los Angeles Times3. CORONAVIRUS IN CALIFORNIA;We don't know the half of it;Did 50% of L.A. residents catch COVID-19? It all depends.Client/Matter: -None-Search Terms: "Data Science"Search Type: Natural Language Narrowed by: Content TypeNarrowed byNewsSources: Los Angeles Times

LOWER FEES, BETTER TECH?; NEW VOICES ARE VYING FOR SPACE IN THE FOOD-DELIVERY WORLDLos Angeles TimesMarch 7, 2021 SundayFinal EditionCopyright 2021 Los Angeles Times All Rights ReservedSection:ÊFOOD; Food Desk; Part FO; Pg. 1Length:Ê1031 wordsByline:ÊSTEPHANIE BREIJOBodyNabeel Alamgir keeps waiting for a cease-and-desist letter. If he gets one, he says, he'll view it as a badge of honor.In January, the food-tech entrepreneur launched NotGrubhub.org, a map-based website that points customers to restaurants that take food orders directly. It was designed to bypass Grubhub and third-party food delivery apps and platforms that can legally charge up to 20% in commissions or marketing fees from restaurants in Los Angeles.Any restaurant can add itself to the database, which is free to owners and customers and lists more than 120 businesses nationwide."That's just an awareness campaign," says Alamgir, who used to work in food service. His website is one of a number of emerging voices vying for space in the food-delivery world, offering fees that are typically lower than those of major players such as Postmates, Uber Eats and Grubhub.The former chief marketing officer of Bareburger said he watched as his chain's profits diminished over the years and realized if a national chain was hurting from app commissions and fees, mom-and-pop restaurants could be too.In 2019 Alamgir cofounded Lunchbox, a platform that charges restaurants a monthly flat fee -- as opposed to sales commissions -- that range from $88 to $490, depending on the service package; most clients, he says, pay $200. The platform hosts and designs apps, websites and ordering pages; maintains the virtual end of cloud kitchens; and creates marketing materials such as Instagram ads. Lunchbox also hires the same delivery drivers used by the big third-party platforms at the same cost of roughly $6 per driver per order and makes marketing technology and materials easier for restaurateurs and chefs to use."A very messy system was created because restaurant people are not starting these tech companies -- tech people are," Alamgir says. "Restaurateurs are not tech people; they want to be hospitable and create amazing food, and then we told them, 'You've got to be amazing with tech as well or you're dead. Your business is dead.' "The new contenders tend to promise restaurants one of two things to remain competitive with larger, more established platforms: flat-rate fees, like Lunchbox, or commission rates that can hover as low as 2%, as well as marketing capabilities to help restaurants stay visible.Grassroots and more locally focused newcomers also can offer hypertailored curation, privacy and a shift from third-party delivery systems entirely.The owners of Pasadena-based DiNG -- not to be confused with Ding Menu, a new commission-free restaurant ordering tool -- say they want it to become the Spotify of food platforms by tailoring meal recommendations based on a two-minute quiz.Former chef and DiNG cofounder Mike Chen said his background in data science helped inform the company's algorithm, which is based on answers to questions such as, "What looks good for a cold winter night?" (Your options might be fish fillet in chile sauce; braised pork belly; or a soup of salted pork with bamboo shoots.)The Asian-cuisine-focused operation also allows menu ordering, but the format is arranged by dishes or even region, as opposed to separate restaurants, creating a sort of editors' pick of noodles, poached chicken, curries, stews and more from a mix of restaurants largely located in the San Gabriel Valley.The platform charges a commission of less than 5%. The startup also focuses on user privacy: Hired drivers, also used by third-party apps, pick up food from the restaurants and deliver them to designated DiNG handoff points. From there, the company's own drivers deliver on the last leg of the route to avoid providing home addresses to the major platforms.DiNG, spurred by the pandemic and still in its nascency, offers daily service within a limited radius. By the end of 2021, Chen hopes it will provide the same daily service to all of Los Angeles County as well as Ventura and Orange counties.Some innovators never intended to enter the delivery business at all. Jared Jue envisioned MAMA as a restaurant-recommendation site, but as the pandemic began to shutter independent restaurants, the founder felt a need to preserve businesses in need -- many of which are underrepresented in media and run by immigrant families.With the help of Alice Han, MAMA launched Drive-By Kitchen, which picks up an ever-changing lineup of dishes from multiple restaurants throughout Los Angeles and Orange counties and then delivers them to three pickup locations: the Westside, Koreatown and Alhambra.The service is not offered on a daily basis; rather, it is scheduled approximately every other week. Customers must order in advance, almost like an event, and "tickets" are limited.Drive-By Kitchen participants are frequently restaurants that can't afford to join the major delivery apps or aren't tech-savvy, and they keep 100% of the profits. MAMA's only charge to customers? A credit card service charge, along with a small fee for team members and gasoline."Businesses were kind of living and dying by the phone waiting for some sort of Doordash or Grubhub or Uber to come through, and I think it was mentally just draining because they weren't getting what they needed," Jue says. "We knew what we wanted to do was focus on placing large orders with the restaurants so that they could have something concrete, in a way."The format ensures restaurants don't lose money on food costs, while the "combo-meal" format gives diners a new lineup every time.This year Drive-By Kitchen, which Han oversees, also launched a meal-matching program, where every meal sold gets matched by a charitable partner that buys a second meal -- doubling the restaurants' revenues and donating that second portion to those in need, such as seniors in Chinatown."In terms of the big players in the market, we're not trying to compete with them by any means; I think that they're business-first, and our mission is more culturally relevant-first," says Jue. "We're really trying to preserve the dishes, the recipes, the restaurants -- those kinds of things that will actually disappear at the end of this whole thing. Is it sustainable? I hope so. I hope we can change the conversation."Graphic PHOTO: (no caption)  PHOTOGRAPHER:Kay Scanlon For The Times; Getty ClassificationLanguage:ÊENGLISHPublication-Type:ÊNewspaperSubject:ÊENTREPRENEURSHIP (90%); CEASE & DESIST ORDERS (89%); SALES & SELLING (77%); SMALL BUSINESS (77%); PLATFORMS & ISSUES (76%); POLITICS (50%); RESTAURANTS (%); DELIVERY SERVICES (%); FEES (%); TECHNOLOGY (%)Industry:ÊON DEMAND SERVICES (90%); RESTAURANT DELIVERY SERVICES (90%); RESTAURANTS (90%); RESTAURANTS & FOOD SERVICE (78%); INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY (77%); RIDE SHARING SERVICES (76%)Geographic:ÊLOS ANGELES, CA, USA (79%); CALIFORNIA, USA (59%)Load-Date:ÊMarch 7, 2021End of Document

How to erase the digital divideLos Angeles TimesMarch 1, 2021 MondayFinal EditionCopyright 2021 Los Angeles Times All Rights ReservedSection:ÊMAIN NEWS; Opinion Desk; Part A; Pg. 1Length:Ê870 wordsByline:ÊMeka Egwuekwe, Meka Egwuekwe is executive director of CodeCrew.BodyThe computer sci-ence industry is filled with talented techies, most of whom are white or Asian. Black professionals make up only 5% of the tech workforce, a segment that increased by only 1 percentage point between 2014 and 2020, according to a recent report. That's unacceptable.Much is made of the digital divide, but little has been done to eradicate it.Bias in artificial intelligence, its algorithms and its training data are direct byproducts of the divide. These biases are more dangerous than ever because they can impact decision-making on a massive scale and at breakneck speeds, hindering business in all sectors of the economy.To help solve this problem, we need to get more underrepresented communities into careers in computing and engineering, especially data sci-ence. More, and different, perspectives can only help lead to better products and services.At the same time, we can truly advance a Black and brown middle class, and create generational wealth, boosting economic growth and providing an entire new set of industries and opportunities across the nation.It won't be easy to grow such a culture of tech producers in underrepresented communities, but it is absolutely doable.The organization I lead, Memphis-based CodeCrew, and others such as the California-based Black Girls Code, are working to build that culture into the heart of Black and brown communities.The potential economic impact is significant. Computer science graduates of CodeCrew's adult coding boot camp make an annual average starting salary of more than $51,000. Before their training, they made an average of just $15,000 per year.That boost in income can be life-changing, providing a comfortable middle-class life in Memphis and many other parts of the country.If we are to truly diversify the tech community we are going to need help -- a lot of it -- from the business and technology communities.What could they do?Waive the four-year college requirement for entry-level computer science positions at their companies. That is often a barrier for qualified CodeCrew grads.Set goals and targets for diversity in workplaces, especially on engineering and leadership teams, and hold themselves publicly accountable by annually publishing how they are doing, as Netflix did recently. In three years, the company doubled the number of Black employees in its workforce and on its leadership team.At the same time, companies should take an honest look at barriers in their workplaces that prevent them from retaining diverse talent and then eliminate discriminatory or unwelcoming environments and conditions. That could include establishing equitable pay and promotion opportunities, and initiating zero-tolerance policies for harassment, stereotypes or microaggressions.Allow a small percentage of company time for employees to participate in mentoring programs that target underrepresented groups. WorldQuant Predictive's data scientists are working with CodeCrew students to bridge this gap and bring new skills to a diverse workforce. Google encourages employees to explore tech ideas not directly related to their assigned projects, a policy that has been credited with launching Gmail and Google News.Why not have that same moonshot mentality with respect to diversity, equity and inclusion goals? Mentoring is a simple but highly effective means to transmit knowledge and skills.Set up data science/software engineering offices in more regions where there are disproportionate populations of underrepresented groups -- including such places as Memphis and New Orleans.Partner with historically Black colleges and universities, which have been working on these issues for a long time, despite being under-resourced. Then make sure to include these schools, along with diverse coding boot camps, as sources for talent -- and increase financial support for them.Lobby the federal government to subsidize or otherwise make broadband internet access affordable in low-income communities, much like food is subsidized. Broadband is no longer a luxury, but a necessity, and should be treated as a utility, like electricity, gas and water.Doing these things can create a new environment for data science and AI. But that is just a means to an overall greater outcome, which is building businesses by increasing the number of people of color in technology.In doing so, we could become more internationally competitive with a rising China, advancing India, resurging Russia and unified European Union.To bridge the digital divide, we need to catch future techies early. Every child should have access to computer science and computational thinking in school.CodeCrew is working in Tennessee to help secure passage of legislation that requires every high school in the state to offer computer science classes and provide the necessary funding to train teachers to lead these classes.Of the 500 kids CodeCrew works with each week, more than 90% are Black and Latinx youth. The vast majority of our students are more likely to go on to study computer science. With an assist from businesses and tech companies, overdue change like this could happen on a national level -- and businesses would ultimately be the biggest beneficiaries.ClassificationLanguage:ÊENGLISHDocument-Type:ÊOpinion piecePublication-Type:ÊNewspaperSubject:ÊCOMPUTER SCIENCE (90%); DIGITAL DIVIDE (90%); LABOR FORCE (90%); RACE & ETHNICITY (90%); TECHNICIANS & TECHNOLOGICAL WORKERS (90%); ECONOMIC CONDITIONS (78%); EMERGING MARKETS (78%); ECONOMIC GROWTH (77%); WORKPLACE DIVERSITY & INCLUSION (77%); MENTORS & ROLE MODELS (76%); ASSOCIATIONS & ORGANIZATIONS (74%); ECONOMIC STIMULUS (74%); ECONOMICS (74%); MATH & SCIENCE EDUCATION (74%); ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (71%); STUDENTS & STUDENT LIFE (70%); AVERAGE EARNINGS (69%); WAGES & SALARIES (69%)Company:Ê NETFLIX INC (51%)Ticker:ÊNFLX (NASDAQ) (51%)Industry:ÊNAICS532282 VIDEO TAPE & DISC RENTAL (51%); SIC7841 VIDEO TAPE RENTAL (51%); COMPUTER SCIENCE (90%); ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (71%)Geographic:ÊCALIFORNIA, USA (79%)Load-Date:ÊMarch 1, 2021End of Document

CORONAVIRUS IN CALIFORNIA; We don't know the half of it; Did 50% of L.A. residents catch COVID-19? It all depends.Los Angeles TimesMarch 5, 2021 FridayFinal EditionCopyright 2021 Los Angeles Times All Rights ReservedSection:ÊCALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 1Length:Ê1106 wordsByline:ÊSANDY BANKSBodyI've grown accustomed to conflicting views when it comes to the pandemic.We can gather in the library, but our kids can't go to school. I can finally get my hair done, but a facial is not allowed. You shouldn't wear a mask, you have to wear a mask, you really should be wearing two masks.I understand the inconsistency. This virus is so new that all of us -- from CDC scientists to supermarket cashiers -- are still trying to navigate a steep learning curve.And I like to think that nothing surprises me anymore. But then something comes along that shocks me all over again. Last week, it was the news about how many people locally already carry antibodies to the virus.According to some estimates, as reported in The Times and elsewhere, as many as half of Los Angeles County's 10 million people have already been infected. And that's even though tests for COVID-19 have confirmed fewer than 1.2 million local infections.The prospect of that many millions of uncounted infections seemed mind-boggling to me. How could more than 3 million people slip through our testing apparatus?I wanted to know how those numbers were calculated, so I called L.A. County's chief prognosticator, Dr. Roger Lewis. His job is to quantify and model the spread of COVID-19, to help make sure that the county's hospital system is prepared to meet pandemic healthcare needs.He is not surprised by the high immunity estimates, but he noted that calculations vary. "I've seen different estimates, from 1 in 4 to more than 50%," he said.The county's official immunity estimate is near the middle of that spread, at approximately 3 in 8 people, or 37.5% of county residents. And that does not take into account the almost 2 million people who have received at least one dose of the vaccine.Measuring immunity, it turns out, is more sophisticated that just counting positive tests and vaccinations. When the virus first emerged last year, California researchers began "antibody surveillance" -- tests of random people to check for COVID-19 antibodies."They found that the fraction of people with antibodies was much larger than the fraction of people who knew they'd been sick or people who'd tested positive," Dr. Lewis said. Many people with evidence of having been infected had never experienced symptoms of the illness; others may not have had access to tests.Projecting that forward suggests there are now millions of uncounted COVID-19 survivors who were never tested, or at least not at a point when they would register as positive.That early antibody testing clued researchers in to the phenomenon of asymptomatic infection and surreptitious spread. Further study of virus replication, infection demographics, hospitalizations, deaths and more led them to believe that approximately 40% of COVID-19 carriers will have no symptoms and may not show up in testing statistics.That information established a baseline for measuring how many people might be immune -- and, by extension, how many others are still vulnerable to the disease.But immunity estimates are also influenced by what assumptions researchers make and what trajectory they expect."If you talk to enough people, you're bound to get a mix of opinions," said Dr. George Rutherford, professor of epidemiology and biostatistics at UC San Francisco. "Some might [estimate] conservatively, and some are more gung-ho," he told me.In other words, they all use the same basic formula, but the ingredients and measurements might differ a bit."We know the natural progression of this disease," explained David Conti, a USC professor of preventive medicine and specialist in data science integration. "We can describe that with a mathematical model."But in real life "the number of new cases each day bounces around a lot," Conti said. "So as soon as we come up with a model, it's out of date."The USC researchers' recent model offers a wide range of estimated cumulative infections, concluding that between 3 million and 5.5 million people in Los Angeles County have likely already been infected by COVID-19.That translates to between 30% and 55% of the county's population. It's the higher number -- painting us as a hotbed of infection but also as a region drawing closer to herd immunity -- that has caught people's attention.But that doesn't mean that half of the people you know have already been infected with COVID-19."Our model is on the level of the entire L.A. County," where infection rates vary drastically by neighborhood, USC researcher Abigail Horn said. "People want to take a number and make a statement about it. But it really is about the local communities ... and how this [pandemic] has amplified healthcare disparities."That is a message we can't afford to forget. The burden of disease is distributed unevenly -- and a 50% immunity rate looks different depending on where you live. It's a worrying reflection of the dismal job we've done protecting working-class families from infection -- or it's an encouraging prospect, because the remaining pool of prospective virus spreaders is smaller than presumed.Considering that sort of ambiguous messaging, I couldn't help but wonder how vested we should be in the barrage of statistics that accompanies our journey through COVID-19.I put that question to Dr. Rutherford, who specializes in the study of infectious diseases. He thinks a break from tracking the stats may be just what people like me need. "When you're listening to all these statistics and opinions," he said, "people may lose the forest for the trees."The "forest," to him, is the rapid creation of effective COVID-19 vaccines, which he sees as "the greatest miracle of modern molecular biology since the discovery of DNA," he says. "That's the overwhelming good news right now ... the culmination of 70 years of [scientific] advances."The "trees" are the numbers we're being bombarded with. "There were 64,000 [research] papers published about COVID-19 by the end of October," he said. "There's a lot of information to digest."We are not going to find the reassurance we seek in the minutiae of statistics. "A vaccine that is 90% effective, is the same as one that is 85%," Dr. Rutherford said. "You're not being cheated out of that 5%." Yet people are obsessing about which vaccine to get.He reminded me that our health rests not on the numbers, but on the precautions we take. We may not know what number equals herd immunity, but we do know how to protect ourselves, the doctor says:"Wear a mask, keep your distance from people outside your pod, avoid crowded indoor spaces. Don't go to Costco on a Saturday afternoon. And get vaccinated as soon as your turn comes."Graphic PHOTO: NURSE Marijorie Tabago administers a COVID-19 test on Mercedes Madrano at an Ontario testing site.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Irfan Khan Los Angeles Times PHOTO: NURSE Celeste Montoya, left, inoculates Winnetka resident Ana Vidales Torres as her daughter Talia, 6, gets a close-up look at a mass vaccination site at Valley Crossroads Seventh-day Adventist Church in Pacoima.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Mel Melcon Los Angeles Times PHOTO: DRIVERS remain in their vehicles while being monitored to ensure they suffer no adverse reaction to the COVID-19 vaccine at the Forum in Inglewood in January.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Al Seib Los Angeles Times ClassificationLanguage:ÊENGLISHDocument-Type:ÊColumnPublication-Type:ÊNewspaperSubject:ÊCOVID CORONAVIRUS (91%); COVID-19 CORONAVIRUS (91%); CORONAVIRUSES (90%); EPIDEMICS (90%); INFECTIOUS DISEASE (90%); PANDEMICS (90%); PUBLIC HEALTH (90%); VIRUSES (90%); VACCINES (89%); VACCINATION & IMMUNIZATION (78%); VIROLOGY (78%); COUNTIES (76%); DISEASES & DISORDERS (76%); COUNTY GOVERNMENT (73%); DISASTER PLANNING (73%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (69%)Industry:ÊVACCINES (89%); IMMUNOLOGIC FACTORS (88%); VACCINATION & IMMUNIZATION (78%); VIROLOGY (78%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (69%); HOSPITALS (69%)Geographic:ÊCALIFORNIA, USA (94%)Load-Date:ÊMarch 5, 2021End of Document| About LexisNexis | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Copyright © 2021 LexisNexis Page 4 of 11LOWER FEES, BETTER TECH?; NEW VOICES ARE VYING FOR SPACE IN THE FOOD-DELIVERY WORLD  Page 7 of 11How to erase the digital divide  Page 11 of 11CORONAVIRUS IN CALIFORNIA; We don't know the half of it; Did 50% of L.A. residents catch COVID-19? It all depends.  