



Arianna Rosenbluth Dies at 93; Pioneering Figure in Data Science; Those We’ve Lost
The New York Times 
February 9, 2021 Tuesday 00:07 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: SCIENCE
Length: 1216 words
Byline: Katie Hafner
Highlight: Dr. Rosenbluth, who received her physics Ph.D. at 21, helped create an algorithm that has become a foundation of understanding huge quantities of data. She died of complications of the coronavirus.


Body


Dr. Rosenbluth, who received her physics Ph.D. at 21, helped create an algorithm that has become a foundation of understanding huge quantities of data. She died of complications of the coronavirus.
The Metropolis algorithm, a technique for generating random samplings, started out as a way to understand a fundamental problem: how atoms rearrange themselves as solids melt.
Over the decades, the Metropolis algorithm and its subsequent variations have been put to a vast number of uses and now serve as an underpinning to understanding critical challenges of our age, including making sense of huge volumes of data, predicting election outcomes and understanding Covid-19’s spread.
A physicist who played an important role in developing that algorithm and thus shaping the science of simulation, Arianna Wright Rosenbluth, died on Dec. 28 at a nursing home in Pasadena, Calif. She was 93. The cause was complications of Covid-19, her daughter Jean Rosenbluth said.
Despite her extraordinary work and despite earning her Ph.D. from Harvard at 21, Dr. Rosenbluth left the field in her mid-20s and rarely talked about her scientific achievement afterward.
James Gubernatis, a physicist now retired from Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, said he called Dr. Rosenbluth in 2003 and asked for her recollections of the Metropolis algorithm’s development. “She really just wasn’t aware of the impact it’s had,” he said. “It was like, ‘Oh, that thing.’ She was surprised that anyone even remembered it.”
The Metropolis algorithm, which Dr. Rosenbluth programmed, is the basis of what today are called Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods, a mathematics of probability and statistics that provide simulations for complex problems that don’t have convenient solutions. These methods have been used in millions of applications, spreading well beyond physics to chemistry, biology and social science. Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods are applied to economic and political forecasts as well as to modelings of Covid-19’s spread.
“It has earned a permanent place among the most important computer algorithms of all time,” said Adam Iaizzi, a physicist who dedicated his 2018 doctoral dissertation to Dr. Rosenbluth. “Almost 70 years later, it is still taught in every beginning computational physics course.”
Arianna Wright was born on Sept. 15, 1927, in Houston to Augustus and Leffie (Woods) Wright. Her mother was a schoolteacher, and her father was an office manager for a flower company.
Dr. Rosenbluth, an only child, was shy as a girl and a bookworm with a lifelong fascination with L. Frank Baum’s Oz series, her daughter said. She attended Rice Institute (now Rice University) in Houston on a full scholarship and received her bachelor’s degree in physics in 1946. She was 18.
Dr. Rosenbluth was an accomplished fencer, winning not only women’s championships but also men’s. But her plans to compete in the Olympics were foiled, first by the cancellation of the 1944 summer Games during World War II, then by a lack of funds for travel to the London Games in 1948, her daughter said.
She received her master’s degree in physics from Radcliffe College in 1947 and immediately began doctoral studies at Harvard.
At the time, female physicists were exceedingly rare, and not always welcomed into the fold. Her son, Alan, also a physicist, said that when his mother had set out to find a dissertation adviser, she originally approached the physicist Felix Bloch.
“He told her flat out, without malice, but just as a fact, that he wouldn’t take female Ph.D. students,” Dr. Rosenbluth said.
She eventually did her doctoral research under the supervision of John Hasbrouck Van Vleck. She received her Ph.D. in 1949, making her the fifth woman to earn a physics Ph.D. from Harvard since it began awarding them in 1873.
After completing her dissertation, she traveled west for a postdoctoral fellowship at Stanford University, funded by the Atomic Energy Commission. There she met Marshall Rosenbluth, another physicist.
They married in 1951 and moved to New Mexico to work at Los Alamos. One colleague was Edward Teller, the famously fierce advocate of the hydrogen, or thermonuclear, bomb.
Dr. Rosenbluth honed her computing skills when she verified analytic calculations for the first full-scale test of a thermonuclear bomb, in 1952, code-named Ivy Mike. Separately, she and her husband then collaborated with Dr. Teller, his wife, the mathematician Augusta Teller, and the mathematical physicist Nicholas Metropolis to use random sampling to simulate a specific phenomenon in physics: the rearrangement of atoms when a solid melts.
The work resulted in the Metropolis algorithm. The group published its seminal paper, “Equation of State Calculations by Fast Computing Machines,” in The Journal of Chemical Physics in 1953.
Marshall Rosenbluth told an interviewer in 2003 that the group had discovered an entirely new approach to doing physics, thanks in large part to the advent of computers.
Arianna Rosenbluth’s contribution was crucial. “She actually did all the coding, which at that time was a new art for these new machines,” Marshall Rosenbluth said in 2003. Sophisticated programming tools were still years away, so Dr. Rosenbluth programmed in machine language, the strings of 1’s and 0’s a computer understands.
In 1956, the Rosenbluths moved to San Diego, where Marshall Rosenbluth took a job at General Atomics, a division of General Dynamics that had been established to explore peaceful uses of atomic energy. Their marriage ended in divorce in 1978.
In addition to her daughter Jean and her son, Alan, Dr. Rosenbluth’s survivors include two other daughters, Robin and Mary; five grandchildren; a step-grandchild; and two great-grandchildren.
After Los Alamos, Arianna Rosenbluth did not work professionally again, focusing instead on raising her children.
“This was someone at the start of an extraordinary career, really punching above anyone’s weight at the time,” said Benjamin Pope, a computational astrophysicist and lecturer at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia.
“So she makes a serious contribution to statistical physics and then she’s never heard from again,” said Dr. Pope, who created a Wikipedia page about Dr. Rosenbluth. “And today you couldn’t throw a rock down the street in Palo Alto or Berkeley without finding someone who’s running MCMC,” he added, referring to the technology-rich cities in California.
Still, Dr. Rosenbluth maintained her love of science.
“All while I was growing up, I remember her constantly working out equations just for her own mental exercise,” her daughter Jean, a federal magistrate judge in Los Angeles, said. Alan Rosenbluth said his mother had pursued independent research in knot theory, a branch of mathematics.
Andrew Gelman, a statistician and political scientist at Columbia University, pointed out that many applications today use a program called Stan, which is based on a variant of the Metropolis algorithm. Dr. Gelman and his colleagues named the program after Stanislaw Ulam, a co-creator of the Monte Carlo methods.
“Maybe we should’ve called it Arianna,” he said.
PHOTOS: Dr. Arianna Wright Rosenbluth, left in 2013, exited the field in her 20s. Her ideas help in tracing Covid-19, which she died with. (PHOTOGRAPHS VIA ROSENBLUTH FAMILY)

Load-Date: February 16, 2021


End of Document




When the Noise Never Stops: Coping With the Challenges of Tinnitus
The New York Times 
March 24, 2021 Wednesday 09:24 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: WELL
Length: 1559 words
Byline: Hallie Levine
Highlight: Researchers are just beginning to untangle how Covid might be linked to a ringing in the ears. Here’s what we know.


Body


Researchers are just beginning to untangle how Covid might be linked to a ringing in the ears. Here’s what we know.
Shortly after she fell ill with Covid-19 last April, Andrea Ceresa, an office manager and singer in Branchburg, N.J., noticed an unusual sensation in her ears: a ringing and buzzing that had never been present before. Now, nearly a year later, Ms. Ceresa, 47, said that of all the debilitating post-Covid symptoms that have lingered — the heart palpitations, headaches, stomach troubles, numbness and weakness in her hands and feet — the most frustrating one is the tinnitus, a condition that can cause sufferers to hear phantom ringing, buzzing, whistling, chirping or other sounds.
“There’s never not a time when I don’t have noise running through my head,” Ms. Ceresa said. “It makes it hard to concentrate, it makes it hard to hold conversations with others, it makes it almost impossible to lie down and go to sleep. It’s maddening, and you can’t fully understand it unless you experience it yourself.”
Following the recent death of Kent Taylor, the founder and chief executive of the Texas Roadhouse restaurant chain who took his own life at age 65 after suffering from post-Covid-19 symptoms, including severe tinnitus, many are wondering how Covid and tinnitus may be linked. Also, how might tinnitus — a vexing condition that afflicts as many as 60 million people in the United States — influence mental health?
While some early research and anecdotal evidence suggest an association between tinnitus and Covid-19, experts caution that it’s still too early to make a definitive link. “Am I seeing patients who come in saying they noticed tinnitus after developing Covid-19? Yes,” said Dr. Douglas Hildrew, an ear, nose and throat specialist and surgeon at Yale Medicine. But, he noted, it may also be exacerbated by other factors, like stress.
Here’s what we know.
What causes tinnitus?
According to Dr. Maura Cosetti, an ear, nose and throat specialist at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City, the most common cause of chronic tinnitus is age. As the hair cells inside your inner ear become damaged over time, she said, they may no longer send sound waves to your brain, so your brain tries to recreate them on their own, which is what might cause the ringing.
But experts have long known that some viruses can temporarily cause hearing loss or ringing in the ears, too. When the body fights an infection, the overall inflammation from the virus can damage the nerves or hair cells in the ear, Dr. Cosetti said.
“Sometimes, a patient has already had mild tinnitus that they never really noticed before,” said Dr. David Friedmann, an ear, nose and throat specialist at NYU Langone Medical Center. “But once it’s temporarily exacerbated by a virus, they continue be bothered by it even after the initial infection has resolved.”
Can Covid-19 cause tinnitus?
There’s not enough research to say for sure. “There haven’t been any studies yet that I’m aware of that compare rates of tinnitus among survivors of Covid-19 with those in the general population,” Dr. Hildrew said.
In one review, published Monday in the International Journal of Audiology, researchers pooled data from nearly 60 case reports and studies and found that nearly 15 percent of adults diagnosed with Covid-19 reported tinnitus. Another study, published in the same journal in July, followed 138 patients for eight weeks after they had been discharged from a hospital in the United Kingdom after suffering severe symptoms of Covid-19. Among them, 16 (13 percent) reported either a change in hearing or tinnitus.
Natalie Lambert, an associate research professor of biostatistics and health data science at the Indiana University School of Medicine, surveyed nearly 5,200 “long-hauler” Covid-19 patients and found that nearly 17 percent reported new tinnitus, with more than three-quarters of those people saying it was ongoing. She cautioned that more research is needed to confirm the results, which have not yet been peer-reviewed or published in a medical journal.
There’s also evidence that Covid-19 symptoms can exacerbate existing tinnitus. In one online survey of about 3,100 people from 48 countries who suffer from tinnitus, researchers found that among the 237 people who experienced Covid-19 symptoms, 40 percent said that their tinnitus symptoms had been significantly worsened. Nearly a third of all the respondents also reported the stress of the pandemic itself exacerbated their tinnitus, even if they hadn’t contracted Covid-19. “We know that anxiety can worsen tinnitus, and it becomes a vicious cycle: The worse your tinnitus, the more anxious you are,” Dr. Hildrew said. “It becomes a very aggressive loop that can be difficult to break.”
How does tinnitus affect mental health?
When Marlene Suarez contracted Covid-19 during the second week of January, her symptoms of fever, cough and difficulty breathing weren’t so severe that she needed to be hospitalized, but they were bad enough to warrant treatment with monoclonal antibodies to reduce her risk of serious complications. About a week after her diagnosis, while watching TV, she noticed a ringing in her left ear, and that she couldn’t hear anything in her right.
“I went to the emergency room, where the E.N.T. on call said it was probably from Covid-19,” said Ms. Suarez, 62, an attorney in Collinsville, Ill. The ringing continued for weeks. “I was so depressed and scared I’d never get better,” Ms. Suarez said. “I speak and talk for a living — how was I going to be able to have a conversation with a client or present in court if it constantly sounded like bells were exploding on my left side?”
Ms. Suarez was given oral corticosteroids for several weeks, and now, more than two months later, her tinnitus and hearing loss have mostly resolved. But for many with more chronic ringing in the ears, the result can be devastating.
Tinnitus has been linked to several mental health conditions, including anxiety and depression, and mostly in women. “It can be particularly challenging for many people initially because it’s something they have absolutely no control over,” said Richard Tyler, an audiologist at the University of Iowa Carver College of Medicine. “No one can tell them if it will get worse, or if it will eventually go away. Suddenly, they have trouble sleeping, they can’t carry on a conversation, and they can’t concentrate. It can seem an overwhelming challenge.”
The condition has also been linked to an increased risk of suicide. In a research letter published in JAMA Otolaryngology–Head &amp; Neck Surgery in 2019, researchers found that among more than 16,000 adults in Sweden who had ever experienced tinnitus, women — and in particular, those with severe tinnitus — had a small increased risk of suicide. However, those who had been diagnosed, and possibly treated for, the condition were not at increased risk.
“For most people with tinnitus, the worst time is the first six to nine months after it begins,” Dr. Tyler said. “After that, most people adjust and learn to live with it, especially if they’re given the right treatments.”
How is tinnitus treated?
If you are diagnosed with Covid-19 and you experience tinnitus that lasts for more than two days, tell your doctor right away. “The same treatment that can help you recover from tinnitus and sudden hearing loss is a steroid, which can also help treat Covid-19,” Dr. Hildrew said. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories, like ibuprofen, can also temporarily cause tinnitus, Dr. Cosetti added. This usually resolves within a few days once you stop taking them.
If your tinnitus persists after you’ve recovered from the virus, make an appointment with an ear, nose and throat doctor, who can check for blockages in your ears (like from fluid or ear wax), which can cause symptoms. If no blockage exists, you might be sent to an audiologist to check your hearing.
If your tinnitus does persist and is related to hearing loss, your E.N.T. may refer you back to an audiologist to get fitted for a hearing aid, Dr. Friedmann said. Your audiologist may be able to add a device to it that produces low-level sounds to help mask tinnitus noise.
There’s also good evidence that cognitive behavioral therapy, a type of talk therapy that can help you strategize ways of ignoring your tinnitus or dealing with the stress of it, can help. One study found that incorporating C.B.T. with mindfulness techniques, like meditation, significantly reduced tinnitus-related distress.
After many months of dealing with the tinnitus that began last spring, Ms. Ceresa is now being treated for her constellation of lingering symptoms at the Center for Post-Covid care at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City. Tinnitus is still near the top of her list of complaints. “It’s always there and with me all the time — I can never escape it,” she said, adding that she has to take sedatives now to fall asleep. “I have days when I don’t know if I can handle this anymore. But I have to go on being hopeful.”
Hallie Levine is a health journalist who lives with her three children and two Labrador retrievers in Fairfield, Conn.
PHOTO: As many as 60 million people in the United States suffer from tinnitus, the medical term for ringing in the ears. Experts are beginning to learn how it may be linked to Covid. (PHOTOGRAPH BY Getty Images FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: March 26, 2021


End of Document




Racism and Sexism Persist in Hiring Tech
The New York Times
March 21, 2021 Sunday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; Pg. 2
Length: 947 words
Byline: By Alexandra Reeve Givens, Hilke Schellmann and Julia Stoyanovich
Body


Artificial intelligence used to evaluate job candidates must not become a tool that exacerbates discrimination.
American democracy depends on everyone having equal access to work. But in reality, people of color, women, those with disabilities and other marginalized groups experience unemployment or underemployment at disproportionately high rates, especially amid the economic fallout of the Covid-19 pandemic. Now the use of artificial intelligence technology for hiring may exacerbate those problems and further bake bias into the hiring process. 
  At the moment, the New York City Council is debating a proposed new law that would regulate automated tools used to evaluate job candidates and employees. If done right, the law could make a real difference in the city and have wide influence nationally: In the absence of federal regulation, states and cities have used models from other localities to regulate emerging technologies.
  Over the past few years, an increasing number of employers have started using artificial intelligence and other automated tools to speed up hiring, save money and screen job applicants without in-person interaction. These are all features that are increasingly attractive during the pandemic. These technologies include screeners that scan résumés for key words, games that claim to assess attributes such as generosity and appetite for risk, and even emotion analyzers that claim to read facial and vocal cues to predict if candidates will be engaged and team players.
  In most cases, vendors train these tools to analyze workers who are deemed successful by their employer and to measure whether job applicants have similar traits. This approach can worsen underrepresentation and social divides if, for example, Latino men or Black women are inadequately represented in the pool of employees. In another case, a résumé-screening tool could identify Ivy League schools on successful employees' résumés and then downgrade résumés from historically Black or women's colleges.
  In its current form, the council's bill would require vendors that sell automated assessment tools to audit them for bias and discrimination, checking whether, for example, a tool selects male candidates at a higher rate than female candidates. It would also require vendors to tell job applicants the characteristics the test claims to measure. This approach could be helpful: It would shed light on how job applicants are screened and force vendors to think critically about potential discriminatory effects. But for the law to have teeth, we recommend several important additional protections.
  The measure must require companies to publicly disclose what they find when they audit their tech for bias. Despite pressure to limit its scope, the City Council must ensure that the bill would address discrimination in all forms -- on the basis of not only race or gender but also disability, sexual orientation and other protected characteristics.
  These audits should consider the circumstances of people who are multiply marginalized -- for example, Black women, who may be discriminated against because they are both Black and women. Bias audits conducted by companies typically don't do this.
  The bill should also require validity testing, to ensure that the tools actually measure what they claim to, and it must make certain that they measure characteristics that are relevant for the job. Such testing would interrogate whether, for example, candidates' efforts to blow up a balloon in an online game really indicate their appetite for risk in the real world -- and whether risk-taking is necessary for the job. Mandatory validity testing would also eliminate bad actors whose hiring tools do arbitrary things like assess job applicants' personalities differently based on subtle changes in the background of their video interviews.
  In addition, the City Council must require vendors to tell candidates how they will be screened by an automated tool before the screening, so candidates know what to expect. People who are blind, for example, may not suspect that their video interview could score poorly if they fail to make eye contact with the camera. If they know what is being tested, they can engage with the employer to seek a fairer test. The proposed legislation currently before the City Council would require companies to alert candidates within 30 days if they have been evaluated using A.I., but only after they have taken the test.
  Finally, the bill must cover not only the sale of automated hiring tools in New York City but also their use. Without that stipulation, hiring-tool vendors could escape the obligations of this bill by simply locating sales outside the city. The council should close this loophole.
  With this bill, the city has the chance to combat new forms of employment discrimination and get closer to the ideal of what America stands for: making access to opportunity more equitable for all. Unemployed New Yorkers are watching.
  Alexandra Reeve Givens is the chief executive of the Center for Democracy & Technology. Hilke Schellmann is a reporter investigating artificial intelligence and an assistant professor of journalism at New York University. Julia Stoyanovich is an assistant professor of computer science and engineering and of data science and is the director of the Center for Responsible AI at New York University.
  The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We'd like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com
  Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.

https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/17/opinion/ai-employment-bias-nyc.html


Graphic

 
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Lisk Feng FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)               

Load-Date: March 21, 2021


End of Document




We Need Laws to Take On Racism and Sexism in Hiring Technology
The New York Times 
March 17, 2021 Wednesday 22:26 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: OPINION
Length: 952 words
Byline: Alexandra Reeve Givens, Hilke Schellmann and Julia Stoyanovich
Highlight: Artificial intelligence used to evaluate job candidates must not become a tool that exacerbates discrimination.


Body


Artificial intelligence used to evaluate job candidates must not become a tool that exacerbates discrimination.
American democracy depends on everyone having equal access to work. But in reality, people of color, women, those with disabilities and other marginalized groups experience unemployment or underemployment at disproportionately high rates, especially amid the economic fallout of the Covid-19 pandemic. Now the use of artificial intelligence technology for hiring may exacerbate those problems and further bake bias into the hiring process.
At the moment, the New York City Council is debating a proposed new law that would regulate automated tools used to evaluate job candidates and employees. If done right, the law could make a real difference in the city and have wide influence nationally: In the absence of federal regulation, states and cities have used models from other localities to regulate emerging technologies.
Over the past few years, an increasing number of employers have started using artificial intelligence and other automated tools to speed up hiring, save money and screen job applicants without in-person interaction. These are all features that are increasingly attractive during the pandemic. These technologies include screeners that scan résumés for key words, games that claim to assess attributes such as generosity and appetite for risk, and even emotion analyzers that claim to read facial and vocal cues to predict if candidates will be engaged and team players.
In most cases, vendors train these tools to analyze workers who are deemed successful by their employer and to measure whether job applicants have similar traits. This approach can worsen underrepresentation and social divides if, for example, Latino men or Black women are inadequately represented in the pool of employees. In another case, a résumé-screening tool could identify Ivy League schools on successful employees’ résumés and then downgrade résumés from historically Black or women’s colleges.
In its current form, the council’s bill would require vendors that sell automated assessment tools to audit them for bias and discrimination, checking whether, for example, a tool selects male candidates at a higher rate than female candidates. It would also require vendors to tell job applicants the characteristics the test claims to measure. This approach could be helpful: It would shed light on how job applicants are screened and force vendors to think critically about potential discriminatory effects. But for the law to have teeth, we recommend several important additional protections.
The measure must require companies to publicly disclose what they find when they audit their tech for bias. Despite pressure to limit its scope, the City Council must ensure that the bill would address discrimination in all forms — on the basis of not only race or gender but also disability, sexual orientation and other protected characteristics.
These audits should consider the circumstances of people who are multiply marginalized — for example, Black women, who may be discriminated against because they are both Black and women. Bias audits conducted by companies typically don’t do this.
The bill should also require validity testing, to ensure that the tools actually measure what they claim to, and it must make certain that they measure characteristics that are relevant for the job. Such testing would interrogate whether, for example, candidates’ efforts to blow up a balloon in an online game really indicate their appetite for risk in the real world — and whether risk-taking is necessary for the job. Mandatory validity testing would also eliminate bad actors whose hiring tools do arbitrary things like assess job applicants’ personalities differently based on subtle changes in the background of their video interviews.
In addition, the City Council must require vendors to tell candidates how they will be screened by an automated tool before the screening, so candidates know what to expect. People who are blind, for example, may not suspect that their video interview could score poorly if they fail to make eye contact with the camera. If they know what is being tested, they can engage with the employer to seek a fairer test. The proposed legislation currently before the City Council would require companies to alert candidates within 30 days if they have been evaluated using A.I., but only after they have taken the test.
Finally, the bill must cover not only the sale of automated hiring tools in New York City but also their use. Without that stipulation, hiring-tool vendors could escape the obligations of this bill by simply locating sales outside the city. The council should close this loophole.
With this bill, the city has the chance to combat new forms of employment discrimination and get closer to the ideal of what America stands for: making access to opportunity more equitable for all. Unemployed New Yorkers are watching.
Alexandra Reeve Givens is the chief executive of the Center for Democracy &amp; Technology. Hilke Schellmann is a reporter investigating artificial intelligence and an assistant professor of journalism at New York University. Julia Stoyanovich is an assistant professor of computer science and engineering and of data science and is the director of the Center for Responsible AI at New York University.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Lisk Feng FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: March 20, 2021


End of Document




Europe’s Vaccine Mess; The Morning Newsletter
The New York Times 
March 16, 2021 Tuesday 08:15 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: BRIEFING
Length: 1595 words
Byline: David Leonhardt
Highlight: New coronavirus cases are declining in countries with high vaccination rates. Then there is Europe.


Body


New coronavirus cases are declining in countries with high vaccination rates. Then there is Europe.
It is the latest sign of the power of the Covid-19 vaccines: The number of new cases is declining, often sharply, in countries that have vaccinated a large share of residents.
That’s the situation in Israel, the United Arab Emirates and Britain. Cases are also declining in the U.S., which is not as far along as those three countries but is well ahead of most.
And on the other end of the spectrum is the European continent.
Across most of the European Union, vaccine rollout has been slow, and new cases are surging. Europe — the first place where the coronavirus caused widespread death — is facing the prospect of being one of the last places to emerge from its grip. My colleague Jason Horowitz writes from Rome: “Governments are putting exhausted populations under lockdown. Street protests are turning violent. A year after the virus began spreading in Europe, things feel unnervingly the same.”
As Eyck Freymann and Elettra Ardissino write in Foreign Policy: “Spring in the European Union is going to be dismal.” Bild, a German newspaper, recently ran the headline “Liebe Briten, We Beneiden You!” — a mixture of German and English that means “Dear Brits, We Envy You!” Wolfgang Münchau of Eurointelligence has said that Europe’s vaccination program rivals the continent’s budget austerity of recent years as “the E.U.’s worst policy error during my lifetime.”
Why has Europe done so poorly? There are three main reasons.
1. Too much bureaucracy
While the U.S. and other countries rushed to sign agreements with vaccine makers, the E.U. first tried to make sure all 27 of its member countries agreed on how to approach the negotiations. Europe chose “to prioritize process over speed and to put solidarity between E.U. countries ahead of giving individual governments more room to maneuver,” Jillian Deutsch and Sarah Wheaton write for Politico Europe.
The result was slower regulatory approval of the vaccines and delayed agreements to buy doses, forcing Europe to wait in line behind countries that moved faster.
2. Penny-wise and pound-foolish
Europe put a big emphasis on negotiating a low price for vaccine doses. Israeli officials, by contrast, were willing to pay a premium to receive doses quickly. Israel has paid around $25 per Pfizer dose, and the U.S. pays about $20 per dose. The E.U. pays from $15 to $19.
The discounted price became another reason that Europe had to wait in line behind other countries. Even in purely economic terms, the trade-off will probably be a bad one: Each $1 saved per vaccine dose might ultimately add up to $1 billion — a rounding error in a trading bloc with a nearly $20 trillion annual economic output. A single additional lockdown, like the one Italy announced this week, could wipe out any savings.
“The price difference is macroeconomically irrelevant,” Münchau writes. The E.U. “tried to lock in a perceived short-term price advantage at the expense of everything else.”
3. Vaccine skepticism
“Europe is the world’s epicenter of vaccine skepticism,” Deutsch and Wheaton of Politico Europe write. That skepticism predated Covid, and now its consequences are becoming clear.
In a survey published in the journal Nature Medicine, residents of 19 countries were asked if they would take a Covid vaccine that had been “proven safe and effective.” In China, 89 percent of people said yes. In the U.S., 75 percent did. The shares were lower across most of Europe: 68 percent in Germany, 65 percent in Sweden, 59 percent in France and 56 percent in Poland.
The skepticism helps explain Europe’s latest vaccination problem. About a dozen countries, including France and Germany, have suspended the use of one of the continent’s primary vaccines, from AstraZeneca, citing concerns about blood clots.
But the evidence that the vaccine causes clots is thin. Europe’s main drug regulator still says the benefits outweigh the risks. And Ann Taylor, AstraZeneca’s chief medical officer, has pointed out that the rate of clotting among vaccinated Europeans is lower than “would be expected among the general population.”
Dr. Muge Cevik, a virus expert at the University of St. Andrews, told me yesterday that it was always important to scrutinize vaccines. But, she added, “I would say the benefits of the A.Z. vaccine in preventing Covid, hospitalization and death outweigh the risks of side effects, especially in the middle of the pandemic.”
The bottom line: Over the summer, the U.S. was struggling more than any other country to contain Covid. Today, Europe appears to be in much worse shape.
THE LATEST NEWS
The Virus
• A year into the pandemic, here’s what public health experts wish the U.S. had done differently.
• The musicians of the Metropolitan Opera House have not been paid in almost a year. One cellist has sold his prized 19th-century bow.
U.S. News
• The authorities charged two men with attacking Officer Brian Sicknick with a chemical spray during the Capitol riot. Sicknick died the next day.
• Purdue Pharma is trying to end thousands of lawsuits over its role in the opioid crisis. The company presented a plan that would end the Sackler family’s control and would direct revenue toward abating the addiction epidemic.
• A prominent order of Catholic priests has pledged to raise $100 million to atone for the buying, selling and enslavement of Black people.
• The N.C.A.A. announced the bracket for its women’s basketball tournament, with Stanford as the top seed. (Here’s the printable bracket.)
• The Times Magazine tells one of the last untold stories of the Vietnam War — the scale at which the U.S. used Agent Orange in Laos, a neutral country.
Other Big Stories
• The largest dust storm in a decade swept across northern China, grounding flights and closing schools.
• Thousands of people across Australia protested violence and discrimination against women amid rape allegations against powerful men.
• The Vatican said that Catholic priests could not bless same-sex marriages, but that the church should welcome gay people “with respect and sensitivity.”
Opinions
A recent New Yorker essay by Jelani Cobb has spurred a debate: Is the Republican Party endangered?
• Yes, Cobb argues: Republicans are struggling to appeal to a demographically changing country and are split on key issues. Similar weaknesses eventually killed off the Federalists, the Whigs and other past U.S. political parties. (Cobb and Molly Jong-Fast went into more detail on “The New Abnormal.”)
• No, Jamelle Bouie of The Times replies: Unlike past parties, the G.O.P. is still able to win power without majority support because of its strength with rural and white voters. The Atlantic’s David A. Graham adds that today’s parties are more national, more polarized and better organized than their precursors, which will help stave off collapse.
Morning Reads
Lake Baikal: Usually it’s foreigners who cavort at the world’s deepest lake. This winter, it’s Russians.
Lives Lived: Nicknamed the Queen of Dreams, Dr. Rosalind D. Cartwright studied the role of dreaming in divorce-induced depression, worked with sleep apnea patients and helped open one of the first sleep disorder clinics. She died at 98.
ARTS AND IDEAS 
More than a century of the Book Review
As The New York Times Book Review turns 125, you can comb through a timeline of some of the most significant moments in its history, including:
• In 1905, shortly before the publication of “The House of Mirth,” a portrait of Edith Wharton became the first photograph to appear on the section’s cover.
• In 1926, after A. A. Milne introduced the world to Winnie the Pooh and Christopher Robin, one young reader — Milne’s son, the original Christopher Robin — threatened “to take revenge upon his dad by writing poems about him.”
• In 1953, after the English publication of Simone de Beauvoir’s “The Second Sex,” which would go on to shape the modern women’s movement, the male reviewer called it “a truly magnificent book, even if sometimes irritating to a mere male.”
• In 1988, after “Beloved” did not win the National Book Award, the Book Review published a statement in Toni Morrison’s defense, signed by 48 Black writers.
Find the whole timeline here.
PLAY, WATCH, EAT
What to Cook
This salmon and couscous salad is a quick weeknight dish.
Awards Season
“Mank” leads the Oscar nominations. And for the first time, two women are nominated for best director: Emerald Fennell (for “Promising Young Woman”) and Chloé Zhao (for “Nomadland”). Here’s a list of snubs and surprises.
Virtual Travel
See the breathtaking landscapes of the Fagaras Mountains in Romania.
Late Night
The hosts discussed Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
Now Time to Play
The pangram from yesterday’s Spelling Bee was emolument. Here is today’s puzzle — or you can play online.
Here’s today’s Mini Crossword, and a clue: Roll with a hole (five letters).
If you’re in the mood to play more, find all our games here.
Thanks for spending part of your morning with The Times. See you tomorrow. — David
P.S. Eleanor Lutz, the newest full-time editor on The Times’s graphics desk, has a Ph.D. in biology and data science.
You can see today’s print front page here. 
Today’s episode of “The Daily” is about wind energy. On the latest “Popcast,” how TikTok is reshaping pop.
Lalena Fisher, Claire Moses, Ian Prasad Philbrick, Tom Wright-Piersanti and Sanam Yar contributed to The Morning. You can reach the team at themorning@nytimes.com.
Sign up here to get this newsletter in your inbox.
PHOTO: A train station in Athens, Greece. (PHOTOGRAPH BY Byron Smith for The New York Times FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: March 17, 2021


End of Document




Even as Cases Drop, A Contagious Variant Is Gaining Ground
The New York Times
March 11, 2021 Thursday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 8
Length: 1083 words
Byline: By Lauren Leatherby and Scott Reinhard
Body


As U.S. coronavirus cases remain at a low not seen since October, a more contagious variant first reported in the United Kingdom has likely grown to account for more than 20 percent of new U.S. cases as of this week, according to an analysis of data from Helix, a lab testing company.
There is not yet enough genomic sequencing -- the process required to screen positive coronavirus samples for variants -- to be certain of how widely that variant, known as B.1.1.7, is spreading. But data suggests its share of total cases is growing at a trajectory similar to that seen in countries where it has fueled surges. 
  Still, experts note that low total case counts in states with a high share of B.1.1.7 are an encouraging sign. It remains to be seen, they say, whether the variant will cause a significant resurgence here or whether widespread vaccinations and virus-control measures can keep case counts at bay.
  The B.1.1.7 variant is just one variant of concern found in the United States, in addition to a variant first identified in Brazil and another discovered in South Africa. But those variants make up a tiny fraction of total cases compared with B.1.1.7, which experts say is likely to become dominant across the country this month. The variant is doubling as a share of all new U.S. cases approximately every 10 days, continuing a pattern first identified by researchers in early February.
  Screening for variants requires sending a positive sample to a lab to be sequenced, which takes time and resources. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it often takes about 10 days to sequence a sample and analyze it for reporting. Estimates for the cost of sequencing a sample range from $25 to $400, according to a report from the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security. And the large amount of data each sequence generates requires computational and data science expertise that many health departments struggle to afford.
  Only 0.5 percent of cumulative cases in the country have been sequenced since the beginning of the pandemic, but, with new efforts, about 1 percent of new cases in February and about 3 percent in the past two weeks were sequenced, according to C.D.C. data and Jasmine Reed, a spokeswoman for the agency.
  Experts' recommendations on how many cases should be sequenced vary, but many say sequencing around 5 percent of cases would begin to adequately show the spread of variants circulating at low levels.
  The United Kingdom, by contrast, has sequenced about 8 percent of its total cases and is currently doing so for about a third of its cases, according to its health secretary. It has about as many new cases per day as Florida. Denmark, another world leader in coronavirus genomic surveillance, had sequenced about 12 percent of its total cases as of January. It now sequences almost all new positive cases, which are now at daily levels comparable to Mississippi or Missouri.
  The share of cumulative cases sequenced varies widely by state, from as high as 3.5 percent in Hawaii to 0.05 percent in Tennessee. Some states have had an advantage: It's easier to sequence a higher share of cases if the total number of cases is lower. But those vast differences in genomic surveillance mean it is especially difficult to estimate how widely a given variant is spreading in states where there are not many cases being monitored.
  According to estimates based on the Helix data, there were most likely tens of thousands of cases attributed to B.1.1.7 in the United States in the past week alone. But because sequencing is so low, only 2,672 cases have been officially recorded.
  Helix has analyzed nearly half a million positive samples for an anomaly indicative of the B.1.1.7 variant. Helix then sent samples to Illumina, a gene-sequencing company, to have their genomes sequenced to confirm the variant. Based on results from those samples and the share of cases with the anomaly, Helix is able to make inferences about how widely B.1.1.7 might be spreading.
  The relative share of the variant grew exponentially over the past several weeks in almost every state where Helix had enough data for a trend to be evident. In Florida, the share of cases caused by the B.1.1.7 variant was highest: well over an estimated 30 percent of cases. Nationwide, the figure is probably more than 20 percent, though Helix's testing is not representative of population distribution.
  But there could be some good news: Even Florida, where the variant is spreading most widely as a share of total cases, has not yet seen a resurgence in total new coronavirus cases.
  ''I am encouraged by the declining case counts in the most heavily affected states,'' said Caitlin Rivers, an epidemiologist at Johns Hopkins University. ''I've been watching Florida closely, which has the highest share of B.1.1.7. Case counts have plateaued there in recent days but are not resurging. The longer we can hold the line, the more time we have to roll out vaccines, which will protect individuals, particularly those at highest risk of severe illness, and slow transmission over all.''
  B.1.1.7 is not the only variant of concern in the United States, but it has by far the biggest foothold. According to the C.D.C., which is tracking confirmed cases of the variants, there are more than 30 times as many cases of B.1.1.7 as of the other two variants of concern first reported in South Africa (called B.1.351) and Brazil (called P.1). So far, those other two have been found in a minority of states, but given the low rate of sequencing in many states, they are most likely spreading undetected in others.
  ''The other variants are circulating at very low levels now compared to B.1.1.7, but over the long run it will be important to watch those because they have the potential to make our vaccines less effective,'' Dr. Rivers said.
  ''Although total cases have been going down in recent weeks, B.1.1.7 cases have not, which means that it may not be surprising to see cases start rising again in regions that have high levels of B.1.1.7 transmission,'' said William Lee, vice president of science at Helix.
  But even if another resurgence in cases begins, Dr. Lee says it is reasonable to hope the situation would be different than when the United Kingdom faced a sharp spike around the holidays. ''I think even if cases start going up again, the impact on hospitalizations and mortality may still be mitigated by vaccinations and higher levels of natural immunity than we had in the past.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/06/us/more-contagious-variant-is-spreading-fast-in-us-even-as-overall-cases-level-off.html


Load-Date: March 11, 2021


End of Document




A Data-Science Lender Takes on Student Debt
The New York Times Blogs 
(Bits)
January 27, 2015 Tuesday


Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: TECHNOLOGY
Length: 987 words
Byline: STEVE LOHR
Highlight: Earnest, a start-up lender, is moving into the student debt market. Using data-science tools, Earnest says it can offer lower, tailored rates and flexible repayment schedules. 


Body


Louis Beryl insists that financially responsible young people are the borrowers most disadvantaged by the traditional math of consumer lending. The standard scoring of creditworthiness relies largely on a person's credit history, and that's a blunt instrument. Since young people have slender credit histories, he said, they pay higher rates than they should.
Mr. Beryl is betting that he and his team at Earnest, a San Francisco start-up, can do better. Earnest is one of a new breed of lenders bringing the tools of data science - the modern flood of data and clever software - to consumer finance, which I wrote about in an article last week.  Their approach is a digital-age spin on the most basic principle of banking: Know your customer.
Earnest, founded in 2013, began lending last year with general consumer loans. They are typically for a few thousand dollars, though they can range up to $30,000. Many of the loans are for relocation expenses and  professional training. Most of Earnest's borrowers are college graduates, aged 22 to 34.
So it is scarcely surprising that the next market for Earnest will be student debt, introducing on Tuesday a refinancing product for student loans. The start-up also announced on Tuesday that it closed a $17 million Series A round of venture investment, led by Maveron. To date, Earnest has raised $32 million including debt financing. Its venture capital investors include Maveron, Andreessen Horowitz and Atlas Venture.
Other data-science lenders plan to offer education loans. Affirm, another start-up in San Francisco, will soon start making loans for so-called accelerated learning programs, said Brad Selby, vice president of business development. These short, intensive courses are designed to teach skills like computer programming and data science that improve a person's job prospects, and thus ability to repay a loan.
Interest rates on Earnest's student loan refinancing product can be as low as 1.92 percent, the company says. But another advantage is that Earnest's personalized underwriting allows for tailored rates and gives borrowers considerable flexibility. A borrower can to go the company's website and change the repayment rate and term of the loan, and the site instantly recalculates the borrower's total cost over the life of the loan.
With more than $1 trillion in outstanding student loan debt in America, Earnest is certainly entering a large market, and making repayment cheaper and easier would have an economic and social payoff.
"Student loans are our generation's first homes," said Mr. Beryl, the 34-year-old co-founder and chief executive of Earnest. And he still holds $100,000 in student debt himself, a legacy of attending pricey if prestigious schools - Princeton, the Harvard Business School and Harvard's Kennedy School of Government.
All the new data-driven lenders tap many different sources of information, and they are all constantly experimenting with new combinations of data and fine-tuning their predictive software. The loan approval process can be completely automated or require a human nod at the end.
For Earnest, the student loan refinancing product will rely on the system used for its consumer loans.
Earnest asks its borrowers for a lot of information. It wants to see their bank accounts, credit-card statements, student loan and any other loan balances. It also wants to see any investment accounts or retirement accounts. It asks loan candidates to make sure their LinkedIn accounts of job and education history are filled in and up to date.
This is all done without paperwork. Earnest expects its borrowers to conduct their financial lives online. Earnest says it has read-only access to the information. It pledges not to store personal data or sell it. Earnest's software algorithms give weight to things not factored into traditional credit analysis like education and savings, which, in the start-up's calculations, point to capacity to pay and lower risk.
 "Our clients are giving us access to their data," Mr. Beryl said, "so we can dig into the details of their life."
Autumn Carter, 26, borrowed $3,000 from Earnest in September, to furnish and decorate a new apartment in Mountain View, Calif. She wanted a loan quickly and conveniently, so she looked for alternatives to traditional banks or credit unions. Ms. Carter went online, searched and noticed a reference to Earnest and its "merit-based loans" with low interest rates. "At first, I thought it was a scam," she recalled.
 But Ms. Carter proceeded to do some online research and saw favorable reviews, saying the loan process was smooth and the customer service helpful. She went to the Earnest website, and filled out the loan application in 10 minutes or so. The information she passed on included that she graduated from Stanford in 2011, and has under $10,000 in student loans outstanding; she was once rejected for a loan for lack of a credit history; and she makes a salary of about $55,000 as the executive director of California Common Sense, a public policy research group.
Ms. Carter's non-profit research organization focuses on data-driven policy analysis. She handed over her personal information without hesitation, and she finds Earnest's data-gathering and analysis for determining credit risk to be "fascinating."
Within a day, Ms. Carter received an email approving her three-year loan with an annual interest rate of about 5 percent, a calculation based on her data. She plans to pay off the loan early, and there are no prepayment penalties on Earnest loans. 
At Earnest, smart software is its animating engine, but at this stage two or more people in the company review the predictive recommendations of the algorithms - and they make the final call. Fewer people may be needed as the software gets better. "But we think the human element," Mr. Beryl said, "will always be an important piece in our process to make sure we are getting it right."

Load-Date: January 27, 2015


End of Document




Less Noise but More Money in Data Science
The New York Times Blogs 
(Bits)
April 28, 2015 Tuesday


Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: TECHNOLOGY
Length: 821 words
Byline: STEVE LOHR
Highlight: The period of inflated expectations for big data is giving way to steady investment in technology and people, whose pay is rising. 


Body


The outlook for data scientists: less hype, more hiring. 
The exuberance surrounding big data has passed its peak and is trending down, Gartner declared last August in its annual "hype cycle" reporton perceptions of technology.  
Perhaps, but it remains a rising market for data scientists.  Salaries rose 8 percent on average in the last year, with bonuses adding $56,000, according to a salary and employment survey released on Tuesday byBurtch Works, a recruiter of professionals with quantitative skills. 
The median base salary for entry-level data scientists was $91,000 nationally and $110,000 in Silicon Valley, the survey found. For experienced data scientists, leading teams of 10 or more, salaries are up to $250,000. The report was based on telephone interviews with 371 data scientists
The survey also points to a shift in demand for data scientists. The share of workers with deep data skills who are employed by start-ups fell by more than half, from 29 percent last year to 14 percent this year. Linda Burtch, managing director of the recruiting firm that bears her name, said the change reflected how much companies in mainstream industries like retailing, consumer products, insurance, health care and manufacturing were building up data science capabilities. 
The appeal for data scientists, Ms. Burtch said, is "you get to work on really good problems, and these established companies can offer them a decent work-life balance."
Khalid Ahmed, 25, is finishing up his Ph.D. at the University of Michigan. His field of computational physics and materials science, Mr. Ahmed said, has increasingly become a data science - and he has veered in that direction. He was recruited by several companies including start-ups. One analyzed credit card data to target marketing and advertising campaigns. Instead, Mr. Ahmed chose to join Ford Motor as a data engineer in its hybrid car program.
With start-ups, Mr. Ahmed explained, the work often involves producing data-derived knowledge that is then sold to a larger company. But at a large manufacturer like Ford, he said, "I'll be influencing the design of the product itself."
In Charlotte, N.C., Ahmer Inam, 39, recently left Sonic Automotive, a large auto retailer with 100 dealerships in 14 states, where he was director of predictive analytics. He enjoyed the work, but ultimately he decided he wanted to move beyond tailored marketing. "Our work was designed to seduce a customer toward a particular vehicle and determine the optimal price," he said.
When he decided to leave, Mr. Inam had several offers from traditional companies and start-ups, and he chose the consulting firm  PricewaterhouseCoopers, which he joined last month. Mr. Inam was attracted by the prospect of working in a variety of industries and the opportunity to prod organizations to adopt the tools and methods of data science. The consulting firm, he said, also encourages its  professionals to use their skills on nonprofit community projects. At PricewaterhouseCoopers, Mr. Inam said, "I can have a work-life balance that allows me to engage in analytics for social good initiatives."
There is an apparent contradiction between the buoyant job market for big data practitioners and Gartner's judgment that, on the perception scale, big data has moved  from high expectations to what Gartner calls the "trough of disillusionment." But, in fact, it fits a familiar pattern of technology absorption and use. Significant new technologies always take time to move into the mainstream as people and organizations learn to exploit them. It takes years. 
Theclassic study of the phenomenon, "The Dynamo and the Computer: An Historical Perspective on the Modern Productivity Paradox," by Paul David, an economic historian at Stanford University, was published in 1990. In it, Mr. David noted, the electric motor was introduced in the early 1880s, but its real payoff in productivity was not evident until the 1920s. It took that long for businesses to reorganize work around the industrial production line, the efficiency breakthrough of its day, made possible by the electric motor. 
Similarly, it took a while for personal computers and the Internet to deliver big gains. And so too for big data, which harnesses computing, modern digital data and the software tools of artificial intelligence.
A report this week from Forrester Research described the challenge ahead. "Businesses are drowning in data but starving for insights," the report began. "Worse, they have no systematic way to turn data into action."
The Gartner hype cycle acknowledges that enthusiasm precedes  mainstream money-making. The graphic representation of the cycle looks like an exaggerated, lazy wave. After the disillusion phase comes the "slope of enlightenment" and then the "plateau of productivity." As Merv Adrian, an analyst at Gartner, put it, "If you want to see the revenue side of the hype cycle, you basically just flip it."

Load-Date: April 28, 2015


End of Document




Less Noise but More Money in Data Science as More Businesses Hire
The New York Times
April 29, 2015 Wednesday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 7; BITS
Length: 849 words
Byline: By STEVE LOHR
Body


The outlook for data scientists: less hype, more hiring.
The exuberance surrounding big data has passed its peak and is trending down, the technology research firm Gartner declared last August in its annual ''hype cycle'' report on perceptions of technology. 
  Perhaps, but it remains a rising market for data scientists. Salaries rose 8 percent on average in the last year, with bonuses adding $56,000, according to a salary and employment survey released on Tuesday by Burtch Works, a recruiter of professionals with quantitative skills.
  The median base salary for entry-level data scientists was $91,000 nationally and $110,000 in Silicon Valley, the survey found. For experienced data scientists, leading teams of 10 or more, salaries are up to $250,000. The report was based on telephone interviews with 371 data scientists
  The survey also points to a shift in demand for data scientists. The share of workers with deep data skills who are employed by start-ups fell by more than half, to 14 percent this year from 29 percent last year. Linda Burtch, managing director of the recruiting firm that bears her name, said the change reflected how much companies in mainstream industries like retailing, consumer products, insurance, health care and manufacturing were building up data science capabilities.
  The appeal for data scientists, Ms. Burtch said, is ''you get to work on really good problems, and these established companies can offer them a decent work-life balance.''
  Khalid Ahmed, 25, is finishing up his Ph.D. at the University of Michigan. His field of computational physics and materials science, Mr. Ahmed said, has increasingly become a data science -- and he has veered in that direction. He was recruited by several companies including start-ups. One analyzed credit-card data to target marketing and advertising campaigns. Instead, Mr. Ahmed chose to join Ford Motor as a data engineer in its hybrid car program.
  With start-ups, Mr. Ahmed explained, the work often involves producing data-derived knowledge that is then sold to a larger company. But at a large manufacturer like Ford, he said, ''I'll be influencing the design of the product itself.''
  In Charlotte, N.C., Ahmer Inam, 39, recently left Sonic Automotive, a large auto retailer with 100 dealerships in 14 states, where he was director of predictive analytics. He enjoyed the work, but ultimately he decided he wanted to move beyond tailored marketing. ''Our work was designed to seduce a customer toward a particular vehicle and determine the optimal price,'' he said.
  When he decided to leave, Mr. Inam had several offers from traditional companies and start-ups, and he chose the consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers, which he joined last month. Mr. Inam was attracted by the prospect of working in a variety of industries and the opportunity to prod organizations to adopt the tools and methods of data science. The consulting firm, he said, also encourages its professionals to use their skills on nonprofit community projects. At PricewaterhouseCoopers, Mr. Inam said, ''I can have a work-life balance that allows me to engage in analytics for social good initiatives.''
  There is an apparent contradiction between the buoyant job market for big data practitioners and Gartner's judgment that, on the perception scale, big data has moved from high expectations to what Gartner calls the ''trough of disillusionment.'' But, in fact, it fits a familiar pattern of technology absorption and use. Significant new technologies always take time to move into the mainstream as people and organizations learn to exploit them. It takes years.
  The classic study of the phenomenon, ''The Dynamo and the Computer: An Historical Perspective on the Modern Productivity Paradox,'' by Paul David, an economic historian at Stanford University, was published in 1990. In it, Mr. David noted, the electric motor was introduced in the early 1880s, but its real payoff in productivity was not evident until the 1920s. It took that long for businesses to reorganize work around the industrial production line, the efficiency breakthrough of its day, made possible by the electric motor.
  Similarly, it took a while for personal computers and the Internet to deliver big gains. And so too for big data, which harnesses computing, modern digital data and the software tools of artificial intelligence.
  A report this week from Forrester Research described the challenge ahead. ''Businesses are drowning in data but starving for insights,'' the report began. ''Worse, they have no systematic way to turn data into action.''
  The Gartner hype cycle acknowledges that enthusiasm precedes mainstream moneymaking. The graphic representation of the cycle looks like an exaggerated, lazy wave. After the disillusion phase comes the ''slope of enlightenment'' and then the ''plateau of productivity.'' As Merv Adrian, an analyst at Gartner, put it, ''If you want to see the revenue side of the hype cycle, you basically just flip it.''
  This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.         

http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/04/28/less-noise-but-more-money-in-data-science/


Load-Date: April 29, 2015


End of Document




Looking to the Future of Data Science
The New York Times Blogs 
(Bits)
August 27, 2014 Wednesday


Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: TECHNOLOGY
Length: 1064 words
Byline: STEVE LOHR
Highlight: The future of data science lies beyond the big-data focus on predictions and recommendations, according to Oren Etzioni, a leading computer scientist. 


Body


TheAssociation for Computing Machinery, a leading professional association in computer science, is holding its annual conference this week, focusing on what we're now calling data science - though the ACM still clings to the label adopted when the yearly gatherings began in 1998,            Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. Of course, the field is booming, so the four-day conclave of talks, technical papers and human networking in New York has attracted an estimated 2,200 attendees, double last year's headcount. 
But in his keynote speech on Monday, Oren Etzioni, a prominent computer scientist and chief executive of the recently createdAllen Institute for Artificial Intelligence, delivered a call to arms to the assembled data mavens. Don't be overly influenced, Mr. Etzioni warned, by the "big data tidal wave," with its emphasis on mining large data sets for correlations, inferences and predictions. The big data approach, he said during his talk and in an interview later, is brimming with short-term commercial opportunity, but he said scientists should set their sights further. "It might be fine if you want to target ads and generate product recommendations," he said, "but it's not common sense knowledge."
In his presentation, Mr. Etzioni acknowledged the gains made possible by big data methods - identifying patterns and calculating statistical probabilities - in tasks like speech recognition and computer vision. But he then proceeded to underline the limits of the big data approach. He showed the results when one types in "apple fruit" into Google and the Knowledge Graph result, the extracted facts that Google presents as a graphic, is mainly a list of nutritional elements of an an apple. The results from other services that assemble knowledge bases, Bing and Wolfram Alpha, were similar.
But things that are readily understood by humans - that apples taste sweet and have a crunchy texture in the mouth when chewed, for example - are a challenge for the algorithms that generate digital databases.
 "Current knowledge bases are full of facts," Mr. Etzioni observed, "but they are surprisingly knowledge poor."
The "big" in big data tends to get all the attention, Mr. Etzioni said, but thorny problems often reside in a seemingly simple sentence or two. He showed the sentence: "The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of Styrofoam." He asked, What was made of Styrofoam? The large ball? Or the table? The table, humans will invariably answer. But the question is a conundrum for a software program, Mr. Etzioni explained, because the correct answer involves both grammar and background knowledge. And the latter is something humans acquire through experience of the world.
Computers can't experience the world as humans do. And Mr. Etzioni is skeptical of the progress that will be possible with "deep learning," an artificial intelligence technique that uses the structure of the human brain as metaphorical inspiration for computer systems that process huge amounts of data.
Instead, at the Allen Institute, financed by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, Mr. Etzioni is leading a growing team of 30 researchers that is working on systems that move from data to knowledge to theories, and then can reason. The test, he said, is: "Does it combine things it knows to draw conclusions?" This is the step from correlation, probabilities and prediction to a computer system that can understand, in its way. That seems a steep climb of the semantic ladder of meaning. "We are trying to build these semantic models," Mr. Etzioni noted. 
Mr. Etzioni's presentation was titled, "The Battle for the Future of Data Mining." But other computer scientists see the big data approach and the quest for understanding described by Mr. Etzioni as less a battle than different yet complementary paths, heading in the same broad direction. The long-range promise, they say, is technology that becomes a layer of data-driven artificial intelligence that resides on top of both the physical and digital worlds, helping people to make faster and smarter decisions as a kind of clever software assistant.
Mr. Etzioni, other scientists say, makes a good point, but the current enthusiasm for big data methods is understandable. "The dramatic successes of big data have caused everyone to rush over to that side of the boat," said Edward Lazowska, a professor at the University of Washington, who is on the board of the Allen Institute.
And the correlation and prediction of data science has certainly been good to Mr. Etzioni, whose talents include being a successful entrepreneur. He was a founder of Farecast, whose software predicted the best time to buy airline tickets. Microsoft bought Farecast in 2008. He was also a founder of Decide, a web site that sifted through historical price data and user recommendations to help consumers make buying decisions. Ebay purchased Decide in 2013.
The keynote speaker on Tuesday morning, Eric Horvitz, a computer scientist at Microsoft Research, emphasized all that can be done with big data tools. His talk was titled, "Data, Predictions, and Decisions in Support of People and Society." In his presentation, Mr. Horvitz described several projects he and his team were working on. One involves using patient, treatment and historical data to predict which hospital patients are most at risk of being readmitted within 30 days, and suggest follow-up monitoring. Studies show that 20 percent of Medicare patients return to the hospital within 30 days at an estimated cost of $17.5 billion a year, in addition to the toll in human suffering.
Later, in a hallway conversation, a university computer scientist asked Mr. Horvitz about whether the software draws conclusions about the causes of hospital re-admissions. You can construct plausible explanations from the data, Mr. Horvitz replied. "But we don't care," he added. "Of course, we care in general. But it doesn't matter to the effectiveness of the technology."
In an interview, Mr. Horvitz, who is an academic adviser to the Allen Institute, agreed with Mr. Etzioni that the long-range goal is computer systems that can reason rather than merely recognize patterns and correlations and make predictions. But Mr. Horvitz chose a different emphasis. "I think we can have a huge impact in so many fields, in the shorter term, along the way to reasoning systems," Mr. Horvitz said.

Load-Date: August 27, 2014


End of Document




The Pandemic May Make Your Hair Fall Out
The New York Times
February 18, 2021 Thursday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section D; Column 0; Style Desk; Pg. 3; SKIN DEEP
Length: 1369 words
Byline: By Jessica Schiffer
Body


Many doctors report an uptick in patients suffering from stress-related hair loss. Here's what to do about it.
With every month that passed in 2020, Samantha Hill's part seemed to widen, the increasingly bald stripe of skin a representation of what she calls ''a four-part terrible play'' in her life. Reeling from the death of her father in January, Ms. Hill, a 29-year-old freelance photographer, had barely adjusted to her new normal when the pandemic hit and further upended her life. 
  After the death of a friend in June, when her hair appeared to thin even more, she created a folder on her phone titled Hairgate, featuring every selfie she'd taken in the last four years.
  ''I was trying to figure out where it all went wrong,'' said Ms. Hill, who lives in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn.
  It's a quandary many people, particularly women, have agonized over in recent months, as their brushes and shower drains filled with tangles of hair. Google searches for hair loss increased by 8 percent in the last 12 months, according to the data science firm Spate, with the topic being searched an average of more than 829,000 times a month in the United States.
  The phenomenon is not all in our heads, according to experts, but is another frustrating byproduct of both immense stress and post-viral inflammation from Covid-19. Known as telogen effluvium in the medical world, temporary hair loss results from fever, illness and severe stress, pushing more hairs than normal into the shedding phase of the hair growth life cycle.
  Although hair loss tends to be associated with men because of the prevalence of male-pattern baldness, telogen effluvium is more common among women, who often experience it after childbirth.
  ''Any type of severe stress can trigger it, whether it's stress on your body from illness or emotional stress such as the death of a loved one,'' said Dr. Abigail Cline, a dermatologist at New York Medical College who has conducted research on pandemic-related hair loss. ''Even though not everyone has been infected with Covid-19, we're all living with it.''
  Tackling Hair Loss Holistically
  For those who have had the virus, hair loss has become a common symptom of the recovery process, usually occurring three to four months after getting sick but sometimes experienced sooner. Dr. Jerry Shapiro, a dermatologist at NYU Langone Health who specializes in hair loss, said that while a healthy head of hair usually includes 90 percent anagen, or growing, hairs and 10 percent telogen, or resting, hairs, that ratio can shift up to 50-50 after experiencing a high fever or flulike illness.
  For Misty Gant, a 35-year-old wellness coach living on the Lower East Side, the change happened fast. After being infected in March, Ms. Gant started losing handfuls of her long red hair in the shower and began to notice balding at her temples a few weeks after recovering.
  ''It was really hard because my hair is important to me -- it's part of my identity,'' she said, noting that before it thinned, it was her most complimented feature.
  Ms. Gant, who regularly dives into health and wellness research for clients, soon landed in forums full of people who had gone through similar post-Covid-19 hair loss. After doctors confirmed her suspicion that she was suffering from a post-viral inflammatory response, she readied an arsenal of holistic remedies to try to fix it.
  Her first point of attack was an anti-inflammatory diet that cut out sugar, gluten, dairy and alcohol and incorporated colorful fruits and vegetables, oily fish and healthy fats like avocados and nuts. She kick-started a new supplement routine of Omega 3-6-9, turmeric with fenugreek, evening primrose oil and two tablespoons of aloe juice a day, a combination she believes to be anti-inflammatory and lubricating for the skin and hair.
  She began giving herself daily scalp massages using Bumble and Bumble Tonic Primer, which includes rosemary oil, an ingredient that some studies have found to encourage hair growth. Two days a week she doused her hair in a mixture of coconut oil and pure rosemary oil and left it in for 24 hours. Though not a quick fix, it seemed to pay off: She now has tufts of baby hair growing in at her temples.
  ''I try to do everything the natural way, and as a wellness practitioner, I know that things take time,'' Ms. Gant said.
  A Less Intensive Approach
  Although it can still take months to see a significant difference, many people have had similar results from a combination of supplements, thickening shampoos and illusion-creating haircuts.
  After her husband noticed a few bald spots on the back of her head early in the pandemic, Martyna Szabadi, a 34-year-old business consultant who hasn't had Covid-19, experimented with products said to promote hair growth, including various scalp scrubs, a hair serum from the Ordinary and a daily drink of flax seed water. Nothing helped until she began using RevitaLash Thickening Shampoo and Conditioner and taking four capsules of Nutrafol core supplement for women.
  ''After half a year of this combination, I finally have the hair issue under control,'' Ms. Szabadi said.
  Nutrafol supplements also seemed to help Ms. Hill get her hair back on track after she began taking them in July, leaving her with a slimmer part and new hair growth around the crown. It was a boom year for the company, with revenue increasing 60 percent in 2020 compared to 2019, according to Giorgos Tsetis, the chief executive and a founder of the company.
  Mr. Tsetis said that 80 percent of the company's sales increase can be attributed to its two core formulas for women: Nutrafol Women and Women's Balance. They include ingredients like vitamin A, vitamin D, zinc and biotin, the last of which has become widely known as a hair growth supplement despite the fact that dermatologists disagree over its efficacy.
  ''No one's really been able to prove it helps hair in a randomized controlled study, and they've had a long time to prove it,'' Dr. Shapiro said.
  But with wellness ruling the day, Nutrafol's chemical-free, made-from-the-earth virtue has made it a popular option. Nutrafol bills itself as a ''natural, holistic'' alternative to old-school remedies like Rogaine, or minoxidil, which is a topical solution used to improve blood flow and stimulate hair growth.
  Another treatment option is platelet rich plasma therapy, known as P.R.P., which involves the injection of a patient's own blood into the scalp to stimulate hair growth. Priced between $500 and $1,800, P.R.P. doesn't work for everyone and is best done alongside other treatments, according to Dr. Shapiro, who believes it's a better fit for people experiencing female or male-pattern baldness, which has a genetic cause.
  The Quicker Fix
  If waiting three months for a shampoo or supplement to kick in doesn't thrill you, consider a haircut that will make your hair look healthier than it is. Justine Marjan, a hairstylist whose clients include Kardashians and the model Ashley Graham, recommends a shorter, blunt cut to create an illusion of thickness.
  ''It's best to avoid longer looks, as the hair can end up looking weak and frail at the ends,'' Ms. Marjan said. If your hair loss is most noticeable at your hairline or part, she suggests using an eye shadow or root touch-up spray that matches your hair color to create depth and the appearance of fullness. Using headband-style extensions that you can easily pop on and off without damaging the hair is another favorite trick.
  Most important, be gentle and strategic with your hair. Ms. Marjan recommends drying fragile hair with a soft microfiber towel and using a tool like the Tangle Teezer to prevent breakage. Sleeping on a silk pillowcase is also believed to minimize breakage. And, while many people resort to ponytails when their hair is limp, it's best to avoid tight styling that could pull out more hair.
  What's definitely not great for hair growth? Constant panic.
  ''Stressing about it will only cause more hair loss,'' Dr. Cline said, noting that a deep, six-month-long breath is a better prescription. ''I reassure patients with telogen effluvium that their hair will grow back, but it's going to take time.''

Graphic

 
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY PHIMCHANOK SRISURIYAMART/EYEEM, VIA GETTY IMAGES)               

Load-Date: February 25, 2021


End of Document




What We Want to Know About GameStop; DealBook Newsletter
The New York Times 
February 18, 2021 Thursday 10:39 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: BUSINESS; dealbook
Length: 1927 words
Byline: Andrew Ross Sorkin, Jason Karaian, Michael J. de la Merced, Lauren Hirsch and Ephrat Livni
Highlight: The questions lawmakers should ask at a hearing today.


Body


The questions lawmakers should ask at a hearing today.
Senator Mitt Romney has joined the lineup for the DealBook DC Policy Project on Feb. 22-23. Speakers include Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, Robinhood’s Vlad Tenev, the New York attorney general Letitia James and others discussing what’s next for business and policy. Register here to attend, from anywhere in the world, free of charge.
We have questions
At noon Eastern today, the House Financial Services Committee will dive into the meme-stock frenzy, interrogating some of the key players in the mania surrounding GameStop and other stocks favored by internet forums. The hearing — in which most of the committee’s 53 members are set to participate — threatens to be full of noise and bluster, as these events often are.
Here is who’s on deck to testify today, and questions that might elicit the most illuminating responses.
Vlad Tenev of Robinhood. His online brokerage was the preferred venue for the frenzy, but its decision to halt some trading in GameStop and other stocks because of capital constraints prompted outrage across the political spectrum.
• You’ve been lobbying for real-time settlement of stock trades, saying the current two-day delay led to Robinhood’s trading curbs. If there had been real-time settlement, would your brokerage have had enough capital to avoid restrictions at the height of the frenzy?
• Robinhood says it offers retail investors free trading, but that’s because your company sells customer trades to market makers like Citadel Securities. Can you explain the benefit to firms that pay you to execute trades?
• Brokerages lend their clients’ shares to short sellers. Would you consider asking Robinhood users to opt in to allow the lending of their holdings?
Ken Griffin of Citadel Securities. The billionaire’s business empire includes both a huge hedge fund that had bet against GameStop and a giant market maker that executes trades for Robinhood and others.
• How is letting firms like Citadel Securities pay to execute retail customers’ orders good for mainstream investors?
Gabe Plotkin of Melvin Capital. His hedge fund, and its big bet against GameStop, was a primary target of scorn by Reddit traders who sought to squeeze him out.
• How does allowing stocks like GameStop’s to have short interest of more than 100 percent — that is, more of a company’s shares being sold short than are available to trade — make financial markets more efficient, as short sellers claim?
Jennifer Schulp of the Cato Institute. The director of financial regulation studies at the think tank plans to testify that the meme-stock phenomenon didn’t pose a systemic risk.
• You say that the “unintended consequences” of regulatory changes in response to the meme-stock mania should not be underestimated. What are the consequences of not acting? Should investors expect episodes like the GameStop frenzy to become a regular feature of markets?
Steve Huffman of Reddit. His online platform is the home of WallStreetBets, the forum that helped egg on the meme-stock frenzy.
• You’ve said there wasn’t much your company could do to guard against market manipulation, but why shouldn’t your company be held liable if there is fraud on its platform?
Keith Gill. The registered broker who, in his personal time, touted GameStop on YouTube and Reddit, plans to tell Congress his social media messages were purely for educational purposes.
• Away from your persona as “Roaring Kitty” on YouTube, you were the director of financial wellness education at MassMutual. With your “financial wellness” hat on, what would have been the message you gave clients about investing in GameStop?
• You say you are “as bullish as I’ve ever been” about GameStop. What’s your price target?
The Times will run a live briefing with video and analysis of the hearing, starting at noon Eastern.
HERE’S WHAT’S HAPPENING 
Facebook and Google come to opposite conclusions on paying for news in Australia. A proposed law in the country would require platforms to pay media publishers for content that appears on their sites. In response, Google announced a deal with News Corp (one of many this week), while Facebook blocked all links to news articles on its platform in Australia.
The Pfizer/BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine is effective against the South African strain. The shot generated a slightly lesser immune response to the variant than to earlier versions of the virus, but remained capable of neutralizing it, new research showed. 
The Texas freeze shakes up global oil markets. The cut in Texas shale production because of winter storms — some four million barrels a day of output — is keeping petroleum prices up worldwide. Saudi Arabia plans to take advantage by raising its output.
Rush Limbaugh dies at 70. The right-wing provocateur made talk radio a potent force in business and politics. Allies praised him as a trailblazer for political pundits; critics said he presaged the Trumpian politics of conspiracy mongering.
Is Robinhood a cryptocurrency whale? The online brokerage appears to be the single biggest holder of Dogecoin, the digital token whose value has soared nearly 1,000 percent in recent weeks, according to reports. Robinhood itself won’t confirm the speculation.
Everyone’s an influencer now
We are all conduits in the “hype machine,” according to the M.I.T. professor Sinan Aral, acting as data conveyors in online systems designed for “hypersocializing.” The stunning rise (and fall) of GameStop’s stock, driven in part by individual investors coalescing on social media, shows the new power of connected crowds, Mr. Aral said in an interview with DealBook.
“Crowds can scale, collaborate and coordinate in ways we have never seen before,” Mr. Aral said, and that power can be harnessed for good or ill. He analyzed 10 years of Twitter activity, and found that novelty travels far and fast, and that false news, which tends to be more novel than the truth, is shared more freely than facts.
• This leads to the postmodern problem of “hyperreality,” in which simulations and symbols that feel real lead to disagreements over what is true.
All investors speculate on as-yet-unrealized values, traditionally tied to financial fundamentals. For example, the trader Keith Gill (see above) will testify today that he believed the retailer GameStop could reinvent itself, justifying a higher share price. This was shared online and it convinced others. But as the crowd felt its power, the thesis became “let’s stick it to the hedge funds,” Mr. Aral said. This didn’t alter GameStop’s prospects, but fortunes were gained and lost based on the power of a crowd to create a new reality.
To harness the promise and minimize the perils of a “new social age,” insights from data science about the power of the “hype machine” should be applied to design better policies, Mr. Aral said. “We need a national commission on technology now.” 
• The professor also recommended that we all hone our reflective powers to become more discerning influencers. Here’s a puzzle to test your reflection: A bat and a ball cost $1.10. The bat costs a dollar more than the ball. How much does the ball cost? (Here’s the not-so-obvious answer.)
“It’s something that is certainly here to stay. Whether it is here to stay at these levels in the mid- to long term, we’ll have to see.”
— Thomas Gottstein, the C.E.O. of Credit Suisse, on SPACs. His firm’s advisory work for blank-check companies bolstered its investment bank in its latest quarter.
Exclusive: Russell Westbrook’s bank shot
The N.B.A. star Russell Westbrook is leading a $63 million investment in Varo Bank, a digital chartered bank, in a deal that DealBook hears values the company at about $1.3 billion. The funds will help Varo grow — including in brand awareness — and develop programs to promote financial literacy for people of color.
An assist in expanding access. When Mr. Westbrook, the point guard for the Washington Wizards, and his investment partners approached Varo with the idea, the bank, having recently raised more than $240 million ahead of getting its bank charter, was not actively looking for more funds. But Varo’s C.E.O., Colin Walsh, said he and Mr. Westbrook, who will serve as an adviser to the bank, were “aligned from a mission perspective.” Mr. Westbrook said his work with Varo will be “part of an economic revitalization for those who never had the access they deserved.”
Shooting for an I.P.O. Varo was founded in 2015 and is backed by the likes of Warburg Pincus and TPG. The bank expects to go public “in the next couple of years” and forecasts that it will be cash-flow positive this year, said Mr. Walsh. The prospects for fintech regulation under President Biden are up in the air, but Mr. Walsh said the company has “built really great relationships” with regulators, who appreciate the “authenticity” of its mission.
On that $500 million mistake
Yesterday, we recounted the saga of Citigroup’s mistaken transfer of $900 million to creditors of Revlon, and why a judge ruled that a group refusing to return $500 million to the bank is allowed to keep it (pending appeal). Based on the deluge of opinions we received from readers, the ethics of this issue are fraught.
Speaking of ethics, Randy Cohen, the original Ethicist columnist for The Times Magazine, weighed in. He is now the host of Person Place Thing, an interview show on public radio.
“When the creditors received a much bigger payment than expected, they knew or could easily have found out if it was sent in error: pick up the phone and ask. Since it was sent by mistake, the money must be returned. I know of no school of ethics that encourages exploiting an honest error. Similarly, if Citigroup strolls past Allstate, one of the creditors in the dispute, and Allstate sees it drop its wallet, then Allstate must return the wallet, not pocket the cash.”
And here are some of your responses:
• “If this was a small company I would be more sympathetic. The fact that this is a large institution that should have better systems in place sways me to rule: tough luck and get it together Citigroup!” — Audrey in Exeter, N.H.
• “Hats off to the lenders who rightfully returned the money. To those who kept it and gloated over Citi’s error, karma will take care of you.” — Lisa in Arlington, Tex.
• “If I accidentally sent Citi an extra mortgage payment (or three), I guarantee you they would not give it back.” — Patrick in Boston
• “You can be honest, ethical, commercially reasonable businesspeople, or you can keep the money.” — Jeffrey in Newton, Mass.
THE SPEED READ 
Deals
• Apollo Global Management named Jay Clayton, the former S.E.C. commissioner, as its lead independent director in the wake of an internal investigation into Leon Black’s ties to Jeffrey Epstein. (WSJ)
• The fabric store chain Joann filed to go public, a decade after being taken private by the investment firm Leonard Green. (Bloomberg)
Politics and policy
• President Biden pushed back against calls from progressive Democrats to cancel billions of dollars worth of student loans through executive orders. (Politico)
Tech
• A Facebook executive warned that the social network reported revenues it “should have never made,” according to internal emails cited in a lawsuit. (FT)
Best of the rest
• News you can use: How to buy a genuine N95 mask online. (NYT)
• There’s a new rap song about SPACs, and Bill Ackman is a fan. (WSJ)
We’d like your feedback! Please email thoughts and suggestions to dealbook@nytimes.com.
PHOTO: Ken Griffin of Citadel will be in the hot seat on Capitol Hill today. (PHOTOGRAPH BY Mike Blake/Reuters FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: February 25, 2021


End of Document




You’re Not Imagining It: The Pandemic Is Making Your Hair Fall Out; Skin Deep
The New York Times 
February 18, 2021 Thursday 11:30 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: STYLE
Length: 1367 words
Byline: Jessica Schiffer
Highlight: Many doctors report an uptick in patients suffering from stress-related hair loss. Here’s what to do about it.


Body


Many doctors report an uptick in patients suffering from stress-related hair loss. Here’s what to do about it.
With every month that passed in 2020, Samantha Hill’s part seemed to widen, the increasingly bald stripe of skin a representation of what she calls “a four-part terrible play” in her life. Reeling from the death of her father in January, Ms. Hill, a 29-year-old freelance photographer, had barely adjusted to her new normal when the pandemic hit and further upended her life.
After the death of a friend in June, when her hair appeared to thin even more, she created a folder on her phone titled Hairgate, featuring every selfie she’d taken in the last four years.
“I was trying to figure out where it all went wrong,” said Ms. Hill, who lives in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn.
It’s a quandary many people, particularly women, have agonized over in recent months, as their brushes and shower drains filled with tangles of hair. Google searches for hair loss increased by 8 percent in the last 12 months, according to the data science firm Spate, with the topic being searched an average of more than 829,000 times a month in the United States.
The phenomenon is not all in our heads, according to experts, but is another frustrating byproduct of both immense stress and post-viral inflammation from Covid-19. Known as telogen effluvium in the medical world, temporary hair loss results from fever, illness and severe stress, pushing more hairs than normal into the shedding phase of the hair growth life cycle.
Although hair loss tends to be associated with men because of the prevalence of male-pattern baldness, telogen effluvium is more common among women, who often experience it after childbirth.
“Any type of severe stress can trigger it, whether it’s stress on your body from illness or emotional stress such as the death of a loved one,” said Dr. Abigail Cline, a dermatologist at New York Medical College who has conducted research on pandemic-related hair loss. “Even though not everyone has been infected with Covid-19, we’re all living with it.”
Tackling Hair Loss Holistically
For those who have had the virus, hair loss has become a common symptom of the recovery process, usually occurring three to four months after getting sick but sometimes experienced sooner. Dr. Jerry Shapiro, a dermatologist at NYU Langone Health who specializes in hair loss, said that while a healthy head of hair usually includes 90 percent anagen, or growing, hairs and 10 percent telogen, or resting, hairs, that ratio can shift up to 50-50 after experiencing a high fever or flulike illness.
For Misty Gant, a 35-year-old wellness coach living on the Lower East Side, the change happened fast. After being infected in March, Ms. Gant started losing handfuls of her long red hair in the shower and began to notice balding at her temples a few weeks after recovering.
“It was really hard because my hair is important to me — it’s part of my identity,” she said, noting that before it thinned, it was her most complimented feature.
Ms. Gant, who regularly dives into health and wellness research for clients, soon landed in forums full of people who had gone through similar post-Covid-19 hair loss. After doctors confirmed her suspicion that she was suffering from a post-viral inflammatory response, she readied an arsenal of holistic remedies to try to fix it.
Her first point of attack was an anti-inflammatory diet that cut out sugar, gluten, dairy and alcohol and incorporated colorful fruits and vegetables, oily fish and healthy fats like avocados and nuts. She kick-started a new supplement routine of Omega 3-6-9, turmeric with fenugreek, evening primrose oil and two tablespoons of aloe juice a day, a combination she believes to be anti-inflammatory and lubricating for the skin and hair.
She began giving herself daily scalp massages using Bumble and Bumble Tonic Primer, which includes rosemary oil, an ingredient that some studies have found to encourage hair growth. Two days a week she doused her hair in a mixture of coconut oil and pure rosemary oil and left it in for 24 hours. Though not a quick fix, it seemed to pay off: She now has tufts of baby hair growing in at her temples.
“I try to do everything the natural way, and as a wellness practitioner, I know that things take time,” Ms. Gant said.
A Less Intensive Approach
Although it can still take months to see a significant difference, many people have had similar results from a combination of supplements, thickening shampoos and illusion-creating haircuts.
After her husband noticed a few bald spots on the back of her head early in the pandemic, Martyna Szabadi, a 34-year-old business consultant who hasn’t had Covid-19, experimented with products said to promote hair growth, including various scalp scrubs, a hair serum from the Ordinary and a daily drink of flax seed water. Nothing helped until she began using RevitaLash Thickening Shampoo and Conditioner and taking four capsules of Nutrafol core supplement for women.
“After half a year of this combination, I finally have the hair issue under control,” Ms. Szabadi said.
Nutrafol supplements also seemed to help Ms. Hill get her hair back on track after she began taking them in July, leaving her with a slimmer part and new hair growth around the crown. It was a boom year for the company, with revenue increasing 60 percent in 2020 compared to 2019, according to Giorgos Tsetis, the chief executive and a founder of the company.
Mr. Tsetis said that 80 percent of the company’s sales increase can be attributed to its two core formulas for women: Nutrafol Women and Women’s Balance. They include ingredients like vitamin A, vitamin D, zinc and biotin, the last of which has become widely known as a hair growth supplement despite the fact that dermatologists disagree over its efficacy.
“No one’s really been able to prove it helps hair in a randomized controlled study, and they’ve had a long time to prove it,” Dr. Shapiro said.
But with wellness ruling the day, Nutrafol’s chemical-free, made-from-the-earth virtue has made it a popular option. Nutrafol bills itself as a “natural, holistic” alternative to old-school remedies like Rogaine, or minoxidil, which is a topical solution used to improve blood flow and stimulate hair growth.
Another treatment option is platelet rich plasma therapy, known as P.R.P., which involves the injection of a patient’s own blood into the scalp to stimulate hair growth. Priced between $500 and $1,800, P.R.P. doesn’t work for everyone and is best done alongside other treatments, according to Dr. Shapiro, who believes it’s a better fit for people experiencing female or male-pattern baldness, which has a genetic cause.
The Quicker Fix
If waiting three months for a shampoo or supplement to kick in doesn’t thrill you, consider a haircut that will make your hair look healthier than it is. Justine Marjan, a hairstylist whose clients include Kardashians and the model Ashley Graham, recommends a shorter, blunt cut to create an illusion of thickness.
“It’s best to avoid longer looks, as the hair can end up looking weak and frail at the ends,” Ms. Marjan said. If your hair loss is most noticeable at your hairline or part, she suggests using an eye shadow or root touch-up spray that matches your hair color to create depth and the appearance of fullness. Using headband-style extensions that you can easily pop on and off without damaging the hair is another favorite trick.
Most important, be gentle and strategic with your hair. Ms. Marjan recommends drying fragile hair with a soft microfiber towel and using a tool like the Tangle Teezer to prevent breakage. Sleeping on a silk pillowcase is also believed to minimize breakage. And, while many people resort to ponytails when their hair is limp, it’s best to avoid tight styling that could pull out more hair.
What’s definitely not great for hair growth? Constant panic.
“Stressing about it will only cause more hair loss,” Dr. Cline said, noting that a deep, six-month-long breath is a better prescription. “I reassure patients with telogen effluvium that their hair will grow back, but it’s going to take time.”
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY PHIMCHANOK SRISURIYAMART/EYEEM, VIA GETTY IMAGES)

Load-Date: February 24, 2021


End of Document




Don't Be Embarrassed: Embrace the Blush
The New York Times
February 11, 2021 Thursday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section D; Column 0; Style Desk; Pg. 3; SKIN DEEP
Length: 1011 words
Byline: By Kristen Bateman
Body


Blush has become the unlikely makeup hero of the masked generation. Here's the new way to wear it.
It may be a surprise to learn that blush, a makeup item long associated with 1980s-style glamour, is poised to make a major comeback. While lipstick or contour can't be seen under our masks, and wearing lots of eye makeup feels like too much of a dedicated effort, blush is becoming the hero bit of makeup that can add an instant pop of color to the face. 
  Blush sales and searches appear to be increasing at a time when other makeup categories are not. According to new research from the data provider Semrush, blush is the third-most searched beauty product in the United States, and the data science team at Pattern, an e-commerce partner, has reported a rise in demand for blush.
  Adding face color is fun, after all. ''Too much time inside, without the inspiration of others and the opportunity to decorate our faces, makes it all the more fun when we can,'' said Caroline Barnes, a makeup artist. She recently did a high-impact blush look around the eyes of the actress Nicola Coughlan, who stars in the Shondaland period romp ''Bridgerton.''
  Here, then, are some new ways to wear blush -- how to choose the right color, how to apply it, and more -- in the age of wearing a mask.
  Brighten Your Complexion
  When used strategically, blush can infuse warmth into any complexion, a much-needed boost when you've been indoors for months. ''You can add instant brightness by adding touches of corals and pinks,'' Ms. Barnes said.
  To warm up a complexion, she suggests applying it in a soft circular shape over the apples of your cheeks.
  ''If a complexion doesn't have enough life, there are so many ways to wear it,'' said Katie Jane Hughes, a makeup artist who works with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. One of Ms. Hughes's favorite techniques is to go for a ''super-blushy look,'' making it the focus of your entire makeup look.
  Go Retro
  With mask wearing, blush has moved up, above the mask line, closer to the eyes and on the tops of cheekbones. ''The old way that I used to do it has become new again,'' said the makeup artist Sandy Linter, who wrote the book ''Disco Beauty'' and did makeup for Diana Ross, Jerry Hall and Jackie O. ''It's high up on the cheekbone, and then it swings into like a C shape into the temples. Make sure you blend it, so it doesn't look that obvious.''
  Ms. Barnes has also been using maximum blush and taking inspiration from the '70s and '80s, extending color over the eye socket and sweeping it up toward the temples. ''You can use the same shade over your entire lid or wash the blush over your usual eye shadow, either way works,'' she said.
  Ms. Hughes has been taking an equally retro approach, sweeping blush over the eyes and brow instead of doing a complicated eye makeup look. ''I think of it like a soft little accent in an '80s kind of way, all the way up into the eye and the brow,'' she said.
  Opt for Monochromatic Themes
  Another modern touch for those who aren't blush averse: Choose your blush and coordinate the rest of your makeup look to it. ''Pick whatever your color is, and make the blush and everything else match,'' said Ms. Hughes, who recently experimented with a bright pink style. ''Then just do loads of lashes. It's so chic and simple but impactful because it's harmonious.''
  Mix and Match Your Colors
  The great thing about blush is that choosing the right color isn't hard, and the new style of blush favors the bold. Chiao Li Hsu, another makeup artist, said that there are no rules when it comes to color, and she works with neon yellows or vivid reds when applying blush over the apples of the cheeks and up into the eye sockets.
  ''You can use any color,'' Ms. Hsu said. She is also a fan of using draping techniques, taking deeper pinks and reds under the eyes and over the cheeks.
  ''It's fun to play with several shades and textures of pink to make a monochromatic look more exciting and to add a bit of depth,'' she said.
  Other makeup artists like to mix multiple colors to get a custom look. ''Enhance your bone structure by using a tone a couple of shades darker than your skin tone, mixed with a nude hue,'' Ms. Barnes said.
  Choose a Texture, and a Tool
  Today's blushes come in many textures -- cream, powder, liquid. When wearing a mask, a liquid tint that dries down is the most transfer-proof option. But you can also use blush to change the texture of your complexion overall.
  ''Cream is great for dry skin,'' Ms. Barnes said. ''And powder for oily skin as a rule, but it's personal preference. Natural makeup works well with creams, but with powder you can be more direct on where you place it, and it tends to last longer.''
  Ms. Linter prefers to play with multiple textures. ''You can wear both textures at once and layer,'' she said. But the tool is just as important as the texture you choose. Opt for a sponge when using creams; fingers work fine with liquids; and use a brush for powders.
  ''Brushes are very, very important,'' she said. ''Some big, soft brushes are very ineffective. They don't do anything. For blush, you need to have a pretty full-sized brush, but it needs to be a little on the firm side so that when you hit your skin, it controls the powder and keeps it so you can spread it correctly in the right place.''
  Blend, but Not Too Much
  Blending is the key to making blush modern, but not so much that you overdo it and lose the color.
  ''If I'm watching people put makeup on and they're not fans of blush, I can always tell because they'll apply it and then ferociously rub it in,'' Ms. Hughes said. ''What ends up happening is they rub it off as they're blending it in. Just pick up a tiny bit, apply it slowly. You shouldn't see the payoff immediately. You should see it gradually.''
  At the end of the day, however, Ms. Hughes cautions that there are really no strict rules with blush. ''If you like an actual cheek moment, do it,'' she said. ''If you like a high-up-into-the-temples moment, you should do that. Experiment to see what you like.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2021/02/10/style/skin-care-makeup-embrace-the-blush.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS: Top, an application by the makeup artist Caroline Barns, and, above, two by the makeup artist Chiao Li Hsu.               

Load-Date: February 11, 2021


End of Document




What’s Going On in This Graph? | World Cities’ Air Pollution
The New York Times 
February 11, 2021 Thursday 15:25 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: LEARNING
Length: 1415 words
Byline: The Learning Network
Highlight: How unhealthy is the air in the world’s major cities?


Body


How unhealthy is the air in the world’s major cities?
Note: We will not be hosting a live-moderated “What’s Going On in This Picture?” discussion on Feb. 17. 
These graphs show the air quality for twelve major world cities from November 2018 to November 2019. The key for the amount of air pollution uses both the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s air quality index and the PM2.5 concentration (airborne particulate matter suspended in air that has a diameter of less than 2.5 micrometers — more than 100 times thinner than a human hair). Much of this pollution is from burning things: coal in power plants, gasoline in vehicles, chemicals in industry, and wildfires.
After looking closely at the graph above (or at this full-size image), answer these four questions:
• What do you notice? 
• What do you wonder? 
• What impact does this have on you and your community?
• What’s going on in this graph? Write a catchy headline that captures the graph’s main idea.
The questions are intended to build on one another, so try to answer them in order. 
2. Next, join the conversation online by clicking on the comment button and posting in the box. (Teachers of students younger than 13 are welcome to post their students’ responses.)
3. Below the response box, there is an option for students to click on “Email me when my comment is published.” This sends the link to their response which they can share with their teacher.
4. After you have posted, read what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting a comment. Use the “Reply” button to address that student directly.
On Wednesday, Feb. 24, teachers from our collaborator, the American Statistical Association, will facilitate this discussion from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern time.
5. By Friday morning, Feb. 26, we will reveal more information about the graph, including a free link to the article that included this graph, at the bottom of this post. We encourage you to post additional comments based on the article, possibly using statistical terms defined in the Stat Nuggets.
The Reveal 
These graphs appeared in the December 16, 2019 New York Times article “What It Means to Breath the World’s Most Polluted Air: ‘You Can’t Function, You Can’t Thrive.’” The number of deaths from outdoor particulate pollution is staggering: in 2015, 4,200,000 deaths worldwide with 88,000 deaths in the United States. Weakened regulations and a reduction in enforcement have led to an increase in air pollution since 2016, reversing years of decline.
Anything that is burned causes air pollution: coal in power plants, gas in vehicles, chemicals in industry and wildfires. Evidence of wildfires in San Francisco, caused in part by climate change, can be seen in the spike in air pollution in its graph.
Air pollution is linked to asthma and other lung diseases, heart attacks and stroke, as well as developmental problems in children and cognitive impairment in older people. As we saw in the February 10 “What’s Going On In This Graph?” graph on U.S. air pollution, pollution knows no borders. It travels from polluters to the surroundings. It affects young and old, rich and poor. But, pollution does not affect all groups equally. A 2019 study by the National Academy of Sciences found that in the United States, people of color tend to breathe dirtier air than white Americans, despite contributing far less to overall pollution. Why do you think this is the case?
Here are some of the student headlines that capture the stories of these graphs: “Is Your Air Just Air?” by Conner of Iowa, “Air Pollution Poisoning Many Cities From Around the World.” By Ashley of Massachusetts, “Global Air Pollution Trends: Some Cities Breath Easy, While Others Long for a Breath of Fresh Air” by Jacki of Switzerland, “Death in the Air. O, So Much Despair!” by Mia of Washington, “Air Pollution, the Silent Killer” by Tegan of Kimball Union Academy in Meriden, New Hampshire and “What Kind of Air Are You Breathing?” by Genesis of Pennsylvania.
You may want to think critically about these questions:
• The New York Times Learning Network produced a Lesson of the Day based on a New York Times article “Who Gets to Breathe Clean Air in New Delhi?” From the article and included videos of two children Monu and Aamya who live in New Delhi, you will learn about how air pollution threatens each differently based on their families’ income. You can compare their different levels of air pollution to your level by using the interactive feature of our article “What It Means to Breath the World’s Most Polluted Air: ‘You Can’t Function, You Can’t Thrive.’” What is your reaction to the article and to this comparison?
• Alexandra Karambelas, a scientist who is affiliated with Columbia University, believes “having access to clean air is kind of a basic human right.” Do you agree? If clean air is a right, how could clean air be provided to all?
• Go to the article that included these graphs where you can see a video of the movement of worldwide air pollution for the same time period as the graphs. Note the major pollution events, including seasonal events. Which regions are the biggest air polluters? Where does their pollution spread?
• Berkeley Earth, an independent U.S. non-profit organization focused on environmental data science, provided the data for these graphs. Here you can see the real-time air pollution around the world for all dates in the past two years. Take a tour of the maps and share what you notice and wonder about air pollution worldwide.
The next graph on the relationship smoking and household income will be released by Friday, Feb. 26 with live-moderation on Wednesday, March 3. You can receive the 2020-2021 “What’s Going On In This Graph?” schedule by subscribing here to the Learning Network Friday newsletter. In the meantime, keep noticing and wondering.
________
Stat Nuggets for “What It Means to Breath the World’s Most Polluted Air: ‘You Can’t Function, You Can’t Thrive.’”
To see the archives of all Stat Nuggets with links to their graphs, go to this index.
TIME SERIES GRAPH
A time series graph shows how a numerical (quantitative) variable changes over time.
In the World Cities Air Pollution graphs, the length of the bars represent the numerical variable of daily air pollution for November 2018 through October 2019. Air pollution is measured by the amount of airborne particulate matter that has a diameter of less than 2.5 micrometers per cubic meter. The graphs’ scale shows the correspondence between the amount of particulate matter to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency air quality index, with a color range from green for good air to red for hazardous and extreme pollution.
INTERVALS for GRAPH SCALES
The space between each marked value on the scale of a bar graph is called an interval. The length of intervals are chosen based on the range of the values in the data set. Interval lengths on linear scales are equal. Some graphs are constructed using logarithmic scales, which have unequal length intervals.
In the World Cities Air Pollution graphs, the interval length is equal to 25 micrograms per cubic meter). The intervals are marked by parallel horizontal dotted lines.
________
The graphs for “What’s Going On in This Graph?” are selected in partnership with Sharon Hessney. Ms. Hessney wrote the “reveal” and Stat Nuggets with Roxy Peck, professor emerita, California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo, and moderates online with Kevin DeVizia, retired mathematics teacher at Delaware Valley High School in Milford, Pennsylvania.
More?
 See all graphs in this series or a slide show of 60 of our favorite graphs.
 View our archives that link to all past releases, organized by topic, graph type and Stat Nugget.
 Learn more about the “Notice and Wonder” teaching strategy and how and why other teachers are using this feature from our on-demand webinar.
 Sign up for our free weekly Learning Network newsletter so you never miss a graph. Graphs are always released by the Friday before the Wednesday live-moderation to give teachers time to plan ahead.
 Go to the American Statistical Association K-12 website, which includes teacher statistics resources, professional development opportunities, and more.
Students 13 and older in the United States and the United Kingdom, and 16 and older elsewhere, are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public. 
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY  FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: February 25, 2021


End of Document




Embrace the Blush; skin deep
The New York Times 
February 10, 2021 Wednesday 09:01 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: STYLE
Length: 1012 words
Byline: Kristen Bateman
Highlight: Blush has become the unlikely makeup hero of the masked generation. Here’s the new way to wear it.


Body


Blush has become the unlikely makeup hero of the masked generation. Here’s the new way to wear it.
It may be a surprise to learn that blush, a makeup item long associated with 1980s-style glamour, is poised to make a major comeback. While lipstick or contour can’t be seen under our masks, and wearing lots of eye makeup feels like too much of a dedicated effort, blush is becoming the hero bit of makeup that can add an instant pop of color to the face.
Blush sales and searches appear to be increasing at a time when other makeup categories are not. According to new research from the data provider Semrush, blush is the third-most searched beauty product in the United States, and the data science team at Pattern, an e-commerce partner, has reported a rise in demand for blush.
Adding face color is fun, after all. “Too much time inside, without the inspiration of others and the opportunity to decorate our faces, makes it all the more fun when we can,” said Caroline Barnes, a makeup artist. She recently did a high-impact blush lookaround the eyes of the actress Nicola Coughlan, who stars in the Shondaland period romp “Bridgerton.”
Here, then, are some new ways to wear blush — how to choose the right color, how to apply it, and more — in the age of wearing a mask.
Brighten Your Complexion
When used strategically, blush can infuse warmth into any complexion, a much-needed boost when you’ve been indoors for months. “You can add instant brightness by adding touches of corals and pinks,” Ms. Barnes said.
To warm up a complexion, she suggests applying it in a soft circular shape over the apples of your cheeks.
“If a complexion doesn’t have enough life, there are so many ways to wear it,” said Katie Jane Hughes, a makeup artist who works with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. One of Ms. Hughes’s favorite techniques is to go for a “super-blushy look,” making it the focus of your entire makeup look.
Go Retro
With mask wearing, blush has moved up, above the mask line, closer to the eyes and on the tops of cheekbones. “The old way that I used to do it has become new again,” said the makeup artist Sandy Linter, who wrote the book “Disco Beauty” and did makeup for Diana Ross, Jerry Hall and Jackie O. “It’s high up on the cheekbone, and then it swings into like a C shape into the temples. Make sure you blend it, so it doesn’t look that obvious.”
Ms. Barnes has also been using maximum blush and taking inspiration from the ’70s and ’80s, extending color over the eye socket and sweeping it up toward the temples. “You can use the same shade over your entire lid or wash the blush over your usual eye shadow, either way works,” she said.
Ms. Hughes has been taking an equally retro approach, sweeping blush over the eyes and brow instead of doing a complicated eye makeup look. “I think of it like a soft little accent in an ’80s kind of way, all the way up into the eye and the brow,” she said.
Opt for Monochromatic Themes
Another modern touch for those who aren’t blush averse: Choose your blush and coordinate the rest of your makeup look to it. “Pick whatever your color is, and make the blush and everything else match,” said Ms. Hughes, who recently experimented with a bright pink style. “Then just do loads of lashes. It’s so chic and simple but impactful because it’s harmonious.”
Mix and Match Your Colors
The great thing about blush is that choosing the right color isn’t hard, and the new style of blush favors the bold. Chiao Li Hsu, another makeup artist, said that there are no rules when it comes to color, and she works with neon yellows or vivid reds when applying blush over the apples of the cheeks and up into the eye sockets.
“You can use any color,” Ms. Hsu said. She is also a fan of using draping techniques, taking deeper pinks and reds under the eyesand over the cheeks.
“It’s fun to play with several shades and textures of pink to make a monochromatic look more exciting and to add a bit of depth,” she said.
Other makeup artists like to mix multiple colors to get a custom look. “Enhance your bone structure by using a tone a couple of shades darker than your skin tone, mixed with a nude hue,” Ms. Barnes said.
Choose a Texture, and a Tool
Today’s blushes come in many textures — cream, powder, liquid. When wearing a mask, a liquid tint that dries down is the most transfer-proof option. But you can also use blush to change the texture of your complexion overall.
“Cream is great for dry skin,” Ms. Barnes said. “And powder for oily skin as a rule, but it’s personal preference. Natural makeup works well with creams, but with powder you can be more direct on where you place it, and it tends to last longer.”
Ms. Linter prefers to play with multiple textures. “You can wear both textures at once and layer,” she said. But the tool is just as important as the texture you choose. Opt for a sponge when using creams; fingers work fine with liquids; and use a brush for powders.
“Brushes are very, very important,” she said. “Some big, soft brushes are very ineffective. They don’t do anything. For blush, you need to have a pretty full-sized brush, but it needs to be a little on the firm side so that when you hit your skin, it controls the powder and keeps it so you can spread it correctly in the right place.”
Blend, but Not Too Much
Blending is the key to making blush modern, but not so much that you overdo it and lose the color.
“If I’m watching people put makeup on and they’re not fans of blush, I can always tell because they’ll apply it and then ferociously rub it in,” Ms. Hughes said. “What ends up happening is they rub it off as they’re blending it in. Just pick up a tiny bit, apply it slowly. You shouldn’t see the payoff immediately. You should see it gradually.”
At the end of the day, however, Ms. Hughes cautions that there are really no strict rules with blush. “If you like an actual cheek moment, do it,” she said. “If you like a high-up-into-the-temples moment, you should do that. Experiment to see what you like.”
PHOTOS: Top, an application by the makeup artist Caroline Barns, and, above, two by the makeup artist Chiao Li Hsu.

Load-Date: February 11, 2021


End of Document




Why a Clash Of Internet Titans Never Happened
The New York Times
January 18, 2021 Monday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1
Length: 1573 words
Byline: By Daisuke Wakabayashi and Tiffany Hsu
Body


Facebook was going to compete with Google for some advertising sales but backed away from the plan after the companies cut a preferential deal, according to court documents.
In 2017, Facebook said it was testing a new way of selling online advertising that would threaten Google's control of the digital ad market. But less than two years later, Facebook did an about-face and said it was joining an alliance of companies backing a similar effort by Google. 
  Facebook never said why it pulled back from its project, but evidence presented in an antitrust lawsuit filed by 10 state attorneys general last month indicates that Google had extended to Facebook, its closest rival for digital advertising dollars, a sweetheart deal to be a partner.
  Details of the agreement, based on documents the Texas attorney general's office said it had uncovered as part of the multistate suit, were redacted in the complaint filed in federal court in Texas last month. But they were not hidden in a draft version of the complaint reviewed by The New York Times.
  Executives at six of the more than 20 partners in the alliance told The Times that their agreements with Google did not include many of the same generous terms that Facebook received and that the search giant had handed Facebook a significant advantage over the rest of them.
  The executives, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid jeopardizing their business relationships with Google, also said they had not known that Google had afforded such advantages to Facebook. The clear disparity in how their companies were treated by Google when compared to Facebook has not been previously reported.
  The disclosure of the deal between the tech giants has renewed concerns about how the biggest technology companies band together to close off competition. The deals are often consequential, defining the winners and losers in various markets for technology services and products. They are agreed upon in private with the crucial deal terms hidden through confidentiality clauses.
  Google and Facebook said that such deals were common in the digital advertising industry and that they were not thwarting competition.
  Julie Tarallo McAlister, a Google spokeswoman, said the complaint ''misrepresents this agreement, as it does many other aspects of our ad tech business.'' She added that Facebook is one of many companies that participate in the Google-led program and that Facebook is a partner in similar alliances with other companies.
  Christopher Sgro, a Facebook spokesman, said deals like its agreement with Google ''help increase competition in ad auctions,'' which benefits advertisers and publishers. ''Any suggestion that these types of agreements harm competition is baseless,'' he said. Google and Facebook declined to elaborate on the specifics of their deal.
  The Wall Street Journal had reported on aspects of the draft complaint earlier.
  The swell of recent antitrust cases filed against Google and Facebook has cast a spotlight on lucrative deals among Big Tech. In October, the Justice Department sued Google and homed in on an agreement with Apple to feature Google as the preselected search engine on iPhones and other devices.
  ''This idea that the major tech platforms are robustly competing against each other is very much overstated,'' said Sally Hubbard, a former assistant attorney general in New York's antitrust bureau who now works at Open Markets Institute, a think tank. ''In many ways, they reinforce each other's monopoly power.''
  Google and Facebook accounted for more than half of all digital advertising spending in 2019. In addition to displaying advertising on their own platforms, such as Google's search engine and Facebook's home page, websites, app developers and publishers rely on the companies to secure advertising for their pages.
  The agreement between Facebook and Google, code-named ''Jedi Blue'' inside Google, pertains to a growing segment of the online advertising market called programmatic advertising. Online advertising pulls in hundreds of billions of dollars in global revenue each year, and the automated buying and selling of ad space accounts for more than 60 percent of the total, according to researchers.
  In the milliseconds between a user clicking on a link to a web page and the page's ads loading, bids for available ad space are placed behind the scenes in marketplaces known as exchanges, with the winning bid passed to an ad server. Because Google's ad exchange and ad server were both dominant, it often directed the business to its own exchange.
  A method called header bidding emerged, in part as a workaround to reduce reliance on Google's ad platforms. News outlets and other sites could solicit bids from multiple exchanges at once, helping to increase competition and leading to better prices for publishers. By 2016, more than 70 percent of publishers had adopted the technology, according to one estimate.
  Seeing a potentially significant loss of business to header bidding, Google developed an alternative called Open Bidding, which supported an alliance of exchanges. While Open Bidding allows other exchanges to simultaneously compete alongside Google, the search company extracts a fee for every winning bid, and competitors say there is less transparency for publishers.
  The threat of Facebook, one of the biggest ad buyers on the internet, supporting header bidding was a grave concern at Google. The draft of the complaint reviewed by The Times cited an email from a Google executive calling it an ''existential threat'' that required ''an all hands on deck approach.''
  Facebook announced in March 2017 that it was testing header bidding with publishers like The Washington Post, Forbes and The Daily Mail. Facebook also took a jab at Google, saying the digital ad industry had been handing over profits to ''third-party middlemen who make the rules and obfuscate the truth.''
  Before Google and Facebook signed the deal in Sept. 2018, Facebook executives outlined the company's options to Mark Zuckerberg, its chief executive, according to the draft of the complaint: hire hundreds more engineers and spend billions of dollars to compete against Google; exit the business; or do the deal.
  To many in the ad industry, Facebook joining Google's alliance felt like a reversal on header bidding. One Open Bidding partner said it had been excited to be in discussions with Facebook about setting up an alternative to Google's alliance only to have conversations abruptly cease in 2018.
  Facebook disclosed that it had joined Google's program in one line in a Dec. 2018 blog post. But it did not reveal that Google, according to the draft complaint, provided Facebook with special information and speed advantages to help the company succeed in the auctions that it did not offer to other partners -- even including a guaranteed ''win rate.''
  In this market, where fractions of a second count, a speed advantage was decisive. Facebook had 300 milliseconds to bid for ads, according to court documents. But the executives at Google's partner companies said they usually had just 160 milliseconds or less to bid.
  Facebook had yet another advantage: Direct billing relationships with the sites where ads would appear, according to the court documents. For most other partners, Google controlled pricing information, effectively putting up a wall between Open Bidding participants and site owners and hiding how much of winning bids sites end up receiving, the executives at other companies said.
  Google agreed to help Facebook have a better understanding of who would be shown the ads by helping the company identify 80 percent of mobile users and 60 percent of web users, the documents said. But several other partners said they had little such help understanding who was being shown ads.
  Adam Heimlich, the chief executive of Chalice Custom Algorithms, a marketing and data science consulting company, said the deal gave Facebook so much advantage that it was like allowing the social network to ''start every tournament in the finals.''
  Facebook promised to bid on at least 90 percent of auctions when it could identify the end user and committed to spending a certain amount of money -- as much as $500 million a year by the fourth year of the agreement, according to the draft of the complaint. Facebook also demanded that data about its bids not be used by Google to manipulate auctions in its own favor, a level playing field not explicitly promised to other Open Bidding partners.
  Perhaps the most serious claim in the draft complaint was that the two companies had predetermined that Facebook would win a fixed percentage of auctions that it bid on.
  ''Unbeknown to other market participants, no matter how high others might bid, the parties have agreed that the gavel will come down in Facebook's favor a set number of times,'' the draft complaint said. A Google spokeswoman said Facebook must make the highest bid to win an auction, just like its other exchange and ad network partners.
  While both companies said that the deal is not an antitrust matter, they included a clause in the agreement that requires the parties to ''cooperate and assist'' each other if they are investigated for competition concerns over the partnership.
  ''The word 'antitrust' is mentioned no less than 20 times" throughout the agreement, the draft complaint said.
  Steve Lohr contributed reporting.

https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/17/technology/google-facebook-ad-deal-antitrust.html


Graphic

 
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Paige Vickers  FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)               

Load-Date: January 18, 2021


End of Document




Behind a Secret Deal Between Google and Facebook
The New York Times 
January 17, 2021 Sunday 17:19 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: TECHNOLOGY
Length: 1568 words
Byline: Daisuke Wakabayashi and Tiffany Hsu
Highlight: Facebook was going to compete with Google for some advertising sales but backed away from the plan after the companies cut a preferential deal, according to court documents.


Body


Facebook was going to compete with Google for some advertising sales but backed away from the plan after the companies cut a preferential deal, according to court documents.
In 2017, Facebook said it was testing a new way of selling online advertising that would threaten Google’s control of the digital ad market. But less than two years later, Facebook did an about-face and said it was joining an alliance of companies backing a similar effort by Google.
Facebook never said why it pulled back from its project, but evidence presented in an antitrust lawsuit filed by 10 state attorneys general last month indicates that Google had extended to Facebook, its closest rival for digital advertising dollars, a sweetheart deal to be a partner.
Details of the agreement, based on documents the Texas attorney general’s office said it had uncovered as part of the multistate suit, were redacted in the complaint filed in federal court in Texas last month. But they were not hidden in a draft version of the complaint reviewed by The New York Times.
Executives at six of the more than 20 partners in the alliance told The Times that their agreements with Google did not include many of the same generous terms that Facebook received and that the search giant had handed Facebook a significant advantage over the rest of them.
The executives, all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid jeopardizing their business relationships with Google, also said they had not known that Google had afforded such advantages to Facebook. The clear disparity in how their companies were treated by Google when compared to Facebook has not been previously reported.
The disclosure of the deal between the tech giants has renewed concerns about how the biggest technology companies band together to close off competition. The deals are often consequential, defining the winners and losers in various markets for technology services and products. They are agreed upon in private with the crucial deal terms hidden through confidentiality clauses.
Google and Facebook said that such deals were common in the digital advertising industry and that they were not thwarting competition.
Julie Tarallo McAlister, a Google spokeswoman, said the complaint “misrepresents this agreement, as it does many other aspects of our ad tech business.” She added that Facebook is one of many companies that participate in the Google-led program and that Facebook is a partner in similar alliances with other companies.
Christopher Sgro, a Facebook spokesman, said deals like its agreement with Google “help increase competition in ad auctions,” which benefits advertisers and publishers. “Any suggestion that these types of agreements harm competition is baseless,” he said. Google and Facebook declined to elaborate on the specifics of their deal.
The Wall Street Journal had reported on aspects of the draft complaint earlier.
The swell of recent antitrust cases filed against Google and Facebook has cast a spotlight on lucrative deals among Big Tech. In October, the Justice Department sued Google and homed in on an agreement with Apple to feature Google as the preselected search engine on iPhones and other devices.
“This idea that the major tech platforms are robustly competing against each other is very much overstated,” said Sally Hubbard, a former assistant attorney general in New York’s antitrust bureau who now works at Open Markets Institute, a think tank. “In many ways, they reinforce each other’s monopoly power.”
Google and Facebook accounted for more than half of all digital advertising spending in 2019. In addition to displaying advertising on their own platforms, such as Google’s search engine and Facebook’s home page, websites, app developers and publishers rely on the companies to secure advertising for their pages.
The agreement between Facebook and Google, code-named “Jedi Blue” inside Google, pertains to a growing segment of the online advertising market called programmatic advertising. Online advertising pulls in hundreds of billions of dollars in global revenue each year, and the automated buying and selling of ad space accounts for more than 60 percent of the total,according to researchers.
In the milliseconds between a user clicking on a link to a web page and the page’s ads loading, bids for available ad space are placed behind the scenes in marketplaces known as exchanges, with the winning bid passed to an ad server. Because Google’s ad exchange and ad server were both dominant, it often directed the business to its own exchange.
A method called header bidding emerged, in part as a workaround to reduce reliance on Google’s ad platforms. News outlets and other sites could solicit bids from multiple exchanges at once, helping to increase competition and leading to better prices for publishers. By 2016, more than 70 percent of publishers had adopted the technology, according toone estimate.
Seeing a potentially significant loss of business to header bidding, Google developed an alternative called Open Bidding, which supported an alliance of exchanges. While Open Bidding allows other exchanges to simultaneously compete alongside Google, the search company extracts a fee for every winning bid, and competitors say there is less transparency for publishers.
The threat of Facebook, one of the biggest ad buyers on the internet, supporting header bidding was a grave concern at Google. The draft of the complaint reviewed by The Times cited an email from a Google executive calling it an “existential threat” that required “an all hands on deck approach.”
Facebook announced in March 2017 that it was testing header bidding with publishers like The Washington Post, Forbes and The Daily Mail. Facebook also took a jab at Google, saying the digital ad industry had been handing over profits to “third-party middlemen who make the rules and obfuscate the truth.”
Before Google and Facebook signed the deal in Sept. 2018, Facebook executives outlined the company’s options to Mark Zuckerberg, its chief executive, according to the draft of the complaint: hire hundreds more engineers and spend billions of dollars to compete against Google; exit the business; or do the deal.
To many in the ad industry, Facebook joining Google’s alliance felt like a reversal on header bidding. One Open Bidding partner said it had been excited to be in discussions with Facebook about setting up an alternative to Google’s alliance only to have conversations abruptly cease in 2018.
Facebook disclosed that it had joined Google’s program in one line in a Dec. 2018 blog post. But it did not reveal that Google, according to the draft complaint, provided Facebook with special information and speed advantages to help the company succeed in the auctions that it did not offer to other partners — even including a guaranteed “win rate.”
In this market, where fractions of a second count, a speed advantage was decisive. Facebook had 300 milliseconds to bid for ads, according to court documents. But the executives at Google’s partner companies said they usually had just 160 milliseconds or less to bid.
Facebook had yet another advantage: Direct billing relationships with the sites where ads would appear, according to the court documents. For most other partners, Google controlled pricing information, effectively putting up a wall between Open Bidding participants and site owners and hiding how much of winning bids sites end up receiving, the executives at other companies said.
Google agreed to help Facebook have a better understanding of who would be shown the ads by helping the company identify 80 percent of mobile users and 60 percent of web users, the documents said. But several other partners said they had little such help understanding who was being shown ads.
Adam Heimlich, the chief executive of Chalice Custom Algorithms, a marketing and data science consulting company, said the deal gave Facebook so much advantage that it was like allowing the social network to “start every tournament in the finals.”
Facebook promised to bid on at least 90 percent of auctions when it could identify the end user and committed to spending a certain amount of money — as much as $500 million a year by the fourth year of the agreement, according to the draft of the complaint. Facebook also demanded that data about its bids not be used by Google to manipulate auctions in its own favor, a level playing field not explicitly promised to other Open Bidding partners.
Perhaps the most serious claim in the draft complaint was that the two companies had predetermined that Facebook would win a fixed percentage of auctions that it bid on.
“Unbeknown to other market participants, no matter how high others might bid, the parties have agreed that the gavel will come down in Facebook’s favor a set number of times,” the draft complaint said. A Google spokeswoman said Facebook must make the highest bid to win an auction, just like its other exchange and ad network partners.
While both companies said that the deal is not an antitrust matter, they included a clause in the agreement that requires the parties to “cooperate and assist” each other if they are investigated for competition concerns over the partnership.
“The word ‘antitrust’ is mentioned no less than 20 times" throughout the agreement, the draft complaint said.
Steve Lohr contributed reporting.
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Paige Vickers  FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: March 9, 2021


End of Document




Using a Spiritual Director to Help Guide Your Way
The New York Times
January 14, 2021 Thursday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section D; Column 0; Style Desk; Pg. 4
Length: 1564 words
Byline: By Andrea Cooper
Body


Nondenominational ''spiritual companions'' offer to connect clients to the divine in their everyday life.
Last spring, after a divorce, Qadeera Ingram needed someone to talk to. Specifically, she wanted to be able to speak about spirituality and the bigger picture of her life. 
  Though Ms. Ingram, a 33-year-old government contractor in Goose Creek, S.C., is Christian, she isn't a member of a church. So she hired Susan Pannier-Cass, a spiritual director and ordained minister, to talk about what she was experiencing, including raising her 6-year-old son in a pandemic at a time of widespread unrest.
  In some of the virtual sessions, Ms. Ingram talked about her dreams, and Ms. Pannier-Cass would help her analyze them. In others, Ms. Ingram discussed elements of the natural world, how they made her feel closer to God. Ms. Pannier-Cass would encourage her ''to go outside more and take my shoes off,'' Ms. Ingram said, ''put my feet on the ground, just to reconnect with my center and what brings me peace.''
  Spiritual companions, also known as spiritual directors, are guides whose purpose is to listen deeply to clients and help them explore their spirituality, usually in a nondenominational capacity.
  What they offer is not therapy; according to Spiritual Directors International, a nonprofit in Bellevue, Wash., the goal of meeting with a spiritual companion is to take a ''meaningful step to help you find wholeness and balance in life, not to mention a sense of connection with however you might refer to God, Allah, The Universe, or the Ground of All Being, that which connects us all.''
  The practice has roots in many faiths, particularly the Jesuit branch of Catholicism, but contemporary spiritual directors come from a variety of religions.
  ''Most people come to spiritual direction looking for ultimate meaning, however they might define it. We don't define it for them,'' said Seifu Anil Singh-Molares, a Zen Buddhist priest and the executive director of Spiritual Directors International. (While spiritual direction is the more familiar term, he said, he favors ''spiritual companion'' because it is more inclusive.) ''We support you in finding your own way to God, if that's how you describe it, or Brahman, or Tao.''
  Space for Seeking
  ''Spiritual but not religious'' is how 27 percent of Americans define themselves, according to a Pew Research Center survey from 2017. But one-quarter of American adults in an April survey from Pew reported that their religious faith has increased because of the pandemic.
  For some seeking spiritual connection, this results in a hybrid approach. Alissa Ballot, 65, another of Ms. Pannier-Cass's clients and a retired lawyer in Chicago, was already a member of a synagogue when a retreat introduced her to spiritual companionship. She has found greater self-understanding by writing poetry at Ms. Pannier-Cass's suggestion, she said. Spiritual direction is helping her ''become the me that God intended and created me to be.''
  Lucinda Clark, a spiritual director in Charlotte, N.C., said that in her experience, more Black clients, including clergy members, are seeking spiritual direction after George Floyd's death and the anger and protests that followed.
  ''That has been one of the main issues,'' said Ms. Clark, 51. '''How can I operate and work in my ministry in an environment that is unknowingly sometimes rejecting me and sometimes knowingly?' And so, some people are coming because they're hurt. They don't know how to move forward.''
  Ms. Clark, who completed a three-year spiritual direction program at Charlotte Spirituality Center, became a spiritual director after what she describes as ''a dark night of the soul'' in which she questioned certain ideologies in her church. She concluded that while she is rooted in Christianity, there are many paths to God.
  Afterward, ''I just knew that I needed to journey with other people, to partner with other people, so they didn't feel alone,'' she said. ''I thought, 'I don't know the name of this thing that I'm supposed to do. I just know that I'm supposed to do it.'''
  When she came across spiritual direction in an internet search, ''I was like, 'That is it!''' she said. In her sessions, she often asks questions to help clients reflect on what they're experiencing, from a hard day at work to a disconnection in their relationship with God.
  Andrea Metz-Nicholson, 59, a spiritual director and one of Ms. Clark's clients, believes the practice has given her greater self-awareness, an ability to voice difficult emotions, and a more intimate relationship with God. She has endured several family tragedies in recent years, and seeing Ms. Clark ''just brought clarity,'' Ms. Metz-Nicholson said. ''It brought me peace.''
  Others come to spiritual direction for guidance in reconciling their past faith with what they believe now, or merging their interfaith beliefs into a cohesive whole. ''People are creating their own spiritual landscape,'' said Summer Albayati, 51, a spiritual director in Orange, Calif., who describes herself as a Unitarian Universalist Muslim minister.
  Rabbi Adam Lavitt, 38, in Providence, R.I., who provides spiritual direction for rabbinical students, a senior living community and individual clients, likes to bring creativity into his sessions through activities like art and writing. The more people take pleasure in the process, he said, ''the easier it is for them to hear their life, their soul, speaking to them.''
  Boundaries and Beyond
  Spiritual directors, unlike therapists, are not licensed clinicians. They are not regulated by any agency. Nor does Spiritual Directors International, one of the biggest organizations dedicated to spiritual companionship, or smaller organizations like Spiritual Directors of Color Network, offer any kind of independent certification.
  Training can vary depending upon the practitioner's faith background or educational preferences, but there are certificate programs through spiritual direction organizations and nonprofit ministries, including the Shalem Institute for Spiritual Formation in Washington, D.C.
  Spiritual Directors International's guidelines call for spiritual directors to have directors themselves, and mentors or peers to provide supervision and accountability. Fees for spiritual direction typically run on a sliding scale, up to $150 per 50-minute session. Some directors offer pro bono services for those who can't afford to pay.
  The relationship between companion and seeker is an intimate one, and just as in any kind of counseling, it's important for spiritual directors to maintain appropriate boundaries. Some spiritual companions, including Ms. Pannier-Cass, have degrees in social work.
  Emily Malcoun, a clinical psychologist in Philadelphia who has worked with a spiritual director, noted that while therapy ''can provide expert help with healing from mental health symptoms,'' spiritual direction ''focuses on your relationship with God or the divine'' through prayer or reflection.
  Some advocate for more accountability in the profession. Andree Grafstein, a spiritual director in Avon, Conn., described an incident of sexual harassment from a director about 40 years ago in an article she published last fall in Presence, a journal published by Spiritual Directors International. ''I look forward to a day when the reality of a spiritual director's sexual harassment becomes as visible as other forms of sexual abuse have become,'' she wrote.
  Since the article was published, Ms. Grafstein said she has received supportive emails from other spiritual directors. She is particularly concerned about the need to provide guidance and support for spiritual directors who learn that a directee has experienced harassment or abuse at the hands of another director.
  Directees can be vulnerable, especially because, for some, rejection of organized religion or a former religious community is what brought them to a spiritual director in the first place. Kristabeth Atwood in Burlington, Vt., a spiritual director and former United Methodist minister, calls herself a pastor for people who don't go to church. Most of her directees ''just don't resonate with being part of a traditional or formal religious community,'' she said.
  Others may be considering different denominations within their faith. Late last year Silas Bergen, 33, a statistics and data science professor at Winona State University in Winona, Minn., decided to leave his church after working with a friend who was training to be a spiritual director.
  Mr. Bergen, who had previously played piano for his church and even helped lead worship services, began to feel more and more at odds with the church's conservative beliefs and doctrine, though they were familiar to him from what he describes as his ''evangelical-flavored'' religious upbringing.
  ''I just began to feel this dissonance really strongly,'' he said. Through what began as monthly virtual conversations in summer 2019, he explored what form of Christianity would be meaningful to him now. He plans to consider new churches when in-person visits are possible.
  ''Where have I been? Where am I at with whatever I've been experiencing?'' Mr. Bergen said, describing his self-reflection process. ''That encourages me to check in with myself, to maybe name the ways in which I'm noticing the divine in my everyday life.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/13/style/self-care/spiritual-directors-faith-religion.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS: Above, Susan Pannier-Cass, a spiritual director and ordained minister. Right, some of the objects in her Chicago studio. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY EVAN JENKINS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)               

Load-Date: January 14, 2021


End of Document




What’s Going On in This Graph? | Mortality by Race
The New York Times 
January 14, 2021 Thursday 13:42 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: LEARNING
Length: 1635 words
Byline: The Learning Network
Highlight: What are the leading causes of death for white and Black Americans? Why is there a gap in mortality rates?


Body


What are the leading causes of death for white and Black Americans? Why is there a gap in mortality rates? 
Students in U.S. high schools can get free digital access to The New York Times until Sept. 1, 2021.
This graph shows the gap between Black and white mortality rates in 2018 for the top 15 causes of death in the United States. The horizontal axis shows the difference in mortality rates for each cause of death. The width of each bar represents the combined mortality rate for Black and white people. The mortality rates are expressed as deaths by cause per 100,000 people.
The graph appeared elsewhere on NYTimes.com.
By Friday morning, Jan. 22, we will reveal the graph’s free online link, additional background and questions, shout-outs for great student headlines, and Stat Nuggets.
After looking closely at the graph above (or at this full-size image), answer these four questions:
• What do you notice? 
• What do you wonder? 
• What impact does this have on you and your community?
• What’s going on in this graph? Write a catchy headline that captures the graph’s main idea.
The questions are intended to build on one another, so try to answer them in order. 
2. Next, join the conversation online by clicking on the comment button and posting in the box. (Teachers of students younger than 13 are welcome to post their students’ responses.)
3. Below the response box, there is an option for students to click on “Email me when my comment is published.” This sends the link to their response which they can share with their teacher.
4. After you have posted, read what others have said, then respond to someone else by posting a comment. Use the “Reply” button to address that student directly.
On Wednesday, Jan. 20, teachers from our collaborator, the American Statistical Association, will facilitate this discussion from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Eastern time.
5. By Friday morning, Jan. 22, we will reveal more information about the graph, including a free link to the article that included this graph, at the bottom of this post. We encourage you to post additional comments based on the article, possibly using statistical terms defined in the Stat Nuggets.
Reveal
We’ll post more information here on Thursday afternoon. Stay tuned!
More?
 See all graphs in this series or a slide show of 60 of our favorite graphs.
 View our archives that link to all past releases, organized by topic, graph type and Stat Nugget.
 Learn more about the “Notice and Wonder” teaching strategy and how and why other teachers are using this feature from our on-demand webinar.
 Sign up for our free weekly Learning Network newsletter so you never miss a graph. Graphs are always released by the Friday before the Wednesday live-moderation to give teachers time to plan ahead.
 Go to the American Statistical Association K-12 website, which includes teacher statistics resources, professional development opportunities, and more.
Students 13 and older in the United States and the United Kingdom, and 16 and older elsewhere, are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public. 
The Reveal 
This graph appeared in the Aug. 16, 2020 opinion article “Racism’s Hidden Toll.” This graph shows the gap between Black and white mortality rates in 2018 for the top 15 causes of death. The horizontal axis shows the difference in mortality rates for each cause of death. The width of each bar represents the combined mortality rate for Black and white people. The mortality rates are expressed as deaths by cause per 100,000 people. The article has two other graphs that are other ways to show the mortality gap between Black and white people for the years 1900 to 2018.
What is the cause of these significantly different health outcomes? The New York Times article cites Jay Pearson, an assistant professor of public policy at Duke University, who says the difference in health outcomes cannot be completely explained by genetics, income, education and behavior. “What we’re really talking about is structural racism,” concludes Dr. Pearson. The article explains in more depth how researchers came to this conclusion.
These graphs only include data for 2018. Regarding the Covid-19 pandemic, the article states that “Black people are three times more likely than white people to contract the coronavirus, six times more likely to be hospitalized as a result and twice as likely to die of Covid-19.” Some reasons for this difference include that proportionately more Black people than white people have jobs that limit their ability to socially distance, live in overcrowded housing that may be closer to environmental hazards, and have more limited health care.
Study the graph. Read the article. Read some of the 274 comments, especially the Reader and NYT Picks. What do you think about the disparate health outcomes of Black and white people? What could be done about this?
Here are some of the student headlines that capture the story of these maps: “Inequality in Life, Inequality in Death” by Paul of Memphis and “Differences in Death Rates: The Race Gap” by IMEG of Eden Prairie, Minnesota.
You may want to think critically about these questions:
• Learn more about the disparity in health between Black and white people by reading the article and examining its graphs. Also, read some of the 274 comments for The New York Times readers, especially the Reader Picks, NYT Picks and NYT Replies and the replies to these responses. What other insights about the gap between Black and white deaths do you have from these responses?
• This graph is a bar mekko chart. (See the below Stat Nugget.) Like a bar chart, the numerical value associated with each value of a categorical variable is represented by the length of the bar. But, there is a second variable that is represented by the width of the bar. The length and the width of the bars should be considered separately. The area of the bar has no meaning. For this graph, what does the length of the bar mean? What does the width of a bar mean? Explain what the heart disease bar tells you about mortality.
• Here is the data that was used for the heart disease bar.
• Number of white people: 197,000,000
• Number of Black people: 40,000,000
• Number of white people heart disease deaths: 333,000
• Number of Black people heart disease deaths: 83,000
What other type of graph could have been used to compare the impact heart disease has on Black and white people? Try a few different types of graph. Which best shows the overall death rate and the gap? Remember that the above graph uses data per 100,000 people.
• Learn more about the disparity of coronavirus deaths by race and ethnicity by reading the report “The Color of Coronavirus: Covid-19 Deaths by Race and Ethnicity in the U. S.” prepared by the APM Research Lab. What could be done to reduce this difference?
Next week’s graph on electric cars will be released by Friday, Jan. 22 with live-moderation on Wednesday, Jan. 27. You can receive the 2020-2021 “What’s Going On In This Graph?” schedule by subscribing here to the Learning Network Friday newsletter. Keep noticing and wondering.
________
Stat Nuggets for “Racism’s Hidden Toll”
To see the archives of all Stat Nuggets with links to their graphs, go to this index.
BAR MEKKO CHART
 A bar mekko chart is a bar chart with variable bar widths. Both bar charts and bar mekko charts show numerical values associated with the categories of a categorical variable. For a bar chart, the value is often (but not always) the frequency of occurrence in a categorical data set and the bars all have the same width. A bar mekko chart adds information on an additional variable that is represented by the width of the bars. The width of the bar shows the relative importance of each bar.
In the Mortality by Race graph, the categories are the top 15 causes of death. The two variables for each of the causes are the gap in the death rate between Black and white people per 100,000, represented by the bar length and the death rate for Black and white people per 100,000, represented by the bar width. The length of the heart disease bar shows that Black people have more than 40 deaths per 100,000 more than white people. The width of the bars clearly show that heart disease is the top cause of death. The area of the bars has no meaning. However, the order of their areas from largest to smallest, does show the relative number of deaths for each cause of death.
RATE
Rate is the count of some characteristic of a group divided by the total number of members in the group or the total value of a group. Rates can be expressed as percentages, decimals, fractions, or per capita values. Rates, rather numbers, are often used to make more meaningful comparisons between diverse groups.
In the Mortality by Race graph, the deaths by cause are expressed as rates rather than numbers. Because there are about 200 million white people but only about 40 million Black people, you would expect more white people deaths by cause. But if the deaths are converted to the number of deaths per 100,000 people, we can compare deaths for the same 100,000 population size. In addition, for this graph, rates are adjusted for age, so the two groups have the same age distribution.
________
The graphs for “What’s Going On in This Graph?” are selected in partnership with Sharon Hessney. Ms. Hessney wrote the “reveal” and Stat Nuggets with Roxy Peck, professor emerita, California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo, and moderates online with Dashiell Young-Saver, a high school statistics teacher in San Antonio and data science graduate student at Harvard. He is the founder of Skew The Script, which provides relevant math and statistics curriculum to teachers.
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Gus Wezerek FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: March 5, 2021


End of Document




Can Spiritual Directors Help?
The New York Times 
January 13, 2021 Wednesday 09:37 EST


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: STYLE; self-care
Length: 1575 words
Byline: Andrea Cooper
Highlight: Nondenominational “spiritual companions” offer to connect clients to the divine in their everyday life.


Body


Nondenominational “spiritual companions” offer to connect clients to the divine in their everyday life.
Last spring, after a divorce, Qadeera Ingram needed someone to talk to. Specifically, she wanted to be able to speak about spirituality and the bigger picture of her life.
Though Ms. Ingram, a 33-year-old government contractor in Goose Creek, S.C., is Christian, she isn’t a member of a church. So she hired Susan Pannier-Cass, a spiritual director and ordained minister, to talk about what she was experiencing, including raising her 6-year-old son in a pandemic at a time of widespread unrest.
In some of the virtual sessions, Ms. Ingram talked about her dreams, and Ms. Pannier-Cass would help her analyze them. In others, Ms. Ingram discussed elements of the natural world, how they made her feel closer to God. Ms. Pannier-Cass would encourage her “to go outside more and take my shoes off,” Ms. Ingram said, “put my feet on the ground, just to reconnect with my center and what brings me peace.”
Spiritual companions, also known as spiritual directors, are guides whose purpose is to listen deeply to clients and help them explore their spirituality, usually in a nondenominational capacity.
What they offer is not therapy; according to Spiritual Directors International, a nonprofit in Bellevue, Wash., the goal of meeting with a spiritual companion is to take a “meaningful step to help you find wholeness and balance in life, not to mention a sense of connection with however you might refer to God, Allah, The Universe, or the Ground of All Being, that which connects us all.”
The practice has roots in many faiths, particularly the Jesuit branch of Catholicism, but contemporary spiritual directors come from a variety of religions.
“Most people come to spiritual direction looking for ultimate meaning, however they might define it. We don’t define it for them,” said Seifu Anil Singh-Molares, a Zen Buddhist priest and the executive director of Spiritual Directors International. (While spiritual direction is the more familiar term, he said, he favors “spiritual companion” because it is more inclusive.) “We support you in finding your own way to God, if that’s how you describe it, or Brahman, or Tao.”
Space for Seeking
“Spiritual but not religious” is how 27 percent of Americans define themselves, according to a Pew Research Center survey from 2017. But one-quarter of American adults in an April survey from Pew reported that their religious faith has increased because of the pandemic.
For some seeking spiritual connection, this results in a hybrid approach. Alissa Ballot, 65, another of Ms. Pannier-Cass’s clients and a retired lawyer in Chicago, was already a member of a synagogue when a retreat introduced her to spiritual companionship. She has found greater self-understanding by writing poetry at Ms. Pannier-Cass’s suggestion, she said. Spiritual direction is helping her “become the me that God intended and created me to be.”
Lucinda Clark, a spiritual director in Charlotte, N.C., said that in her experience, more Black clients, including clergy members, are seeking spiritual direction after George Floyd’s death and the anger and protests that followed.
“That has been one of the main issues,” said Ms. Clark, 51. “‘How can I operate and work in my ministry in an environment that is unknowingly sometimes rejecting me and sometimes knowingly?’ And so, some people are coming because they’re hurt. They don’t know how to move forward.”
Ms. Clark, who completed a three-year spiritual direction program at Charlotte Spirituality Center, became a spiritual director after what she describes as “a dark night of the soul” in which she questioned certain ideologies in her church. She concluded that while she is rooted in Christianity, there are many paths to God.
Afterward, “I just knew that I needed to journey with other people, to partner with other people, so they didn’t feel alone,” she said. “I thought, ‘I don’t know the name of this thing that I’m supposed to do. I just know that I’m supposed to do it.’”
When she came across spiritual direction in an internet search, “I was like, ‘That is it!’” she said. In her sessions, she often asks questions to help clients reflect on what they’re experiencing, from a hard day at work to a disconnection in their relationship with God.
Andrea Metz-Nicholson, 59, a spiritual director and one of Ms. Clark’s clients, believes the practice has given her greater self-awareness, an ability to voice difficult emotions, and a more intimate relationship with God. She has endured several family tragedies in recent years, and seeing Ms. Clark “just brought clarity,” Ms. Metz-Nicholson said. “It brought me peace.”
Others come to spiritual direction for guidance in reconciling their past faith with what they believe now, or merging their interfaith beliefs into a cohesive whole. “People are creating their own spiritual landscape,” said Summer Albayati, 51, a spiritual director in Orange, Calif., who describes herself as a Unitarian Universalist Muslim minister.
Rabbi Adam Lavitt, 38, in Providence, R.I., who provides spiritual direction for rabbinical students, a senior living community and individual clients, likes to bring creativity into his sessions through activities like art and writing. The more people take pleasure in the process, he said, “the easier it is for them to hear their life, their soul, speaking to them.”
Boundaries and Beyond
Spiritual directors, unlike therapists, are not licensed clinicians. They are not regulated by any agency. Nor does Spiritual Directors International, one of the biggest organizations dedicated to spiritual companionship, or smaller organizations like Spiritual Directors of Color Network, offer any kind of independent certification.
Training can vary depending upon the practitioner’s faith background or educational preferences, but there are certificate programs through spiritual direction organizations and nonprofit ministries, including the Shalem Institute for Spiritual Formation in Washington, D.C.
Spiritual Directors International’s guidelines call for spiritual directors to have directors themselves, and mentors or peers to provide supervision and accountability. Fees for spiritual direction typically run on a sliding scale, up to $150 per 50-minute session. Some directors offer pro bono services for those who can’t afford to pay.
The relationship between companion and seeker is an intimate one, and just as in any kind of counseling, it’s important for spiritual directors to maintain appropriate boundaries. Some spiritual companions, including Ms. Pannier-Cass, have degrees in social work.
Emily Malcoun, a clinical psychologist in Philadelphia who has worked with a spiritual director, noted that while therapy “can provide expert help with healing from mental health symptoms,” spiritual direction “focuses on your relationship with God or the divine” through prayer or reflection.
Some advocate for more accountability in the profession. Andree Grafstein, a spiritual director in Avon, Conn., described an incident of sexual harassment from a director about 40 years ago in an article she published last fall in Presence, a journal published by Spiritual Directors International. “I look forward to a day when the reality of a spiritual director’s sexual harassment becomes as visible as other forms of sexual abuse have become,” she wrote.
Since the article was published, Ms. Grafstein said she has received supportive emails from other spiritual directors. She is particularly concerned about the need to provide guidance and support for spiritual directors who learn that a directee has experienced harassment or abuse at the hands of another director.
Directees can be vulnerable, especially because, for some, rejection of organized religion or a former religious community is what brought them to a spiritual director in the first place. Kristabeth Atwood in Burlington, Vt., a spiritual director and former United Methodist minister, calls herself a pastor for people who don’t go to church. Most of her directees “just don’t resonate with being part of a traditional or formal religious community,” she said.
Others may be considering different denominations within their faith. Late last year Silas Bergen, 33, a statistics and data science professor at Winona State University in Winona, Minn., decided to leave his church after working with a friend who was training to be a spiritual director.
Mr. Bergen, who had previously played piano for his church and even helped lead worship services, began to feel more and more at odds with the church’s conservative beliefs and doctrine, though they were familiar to him from what he describes as his “evangelical-flavored” religious upbringing.
“I just began to feel this dissonance really strongly,” he said. Through what began as monthly virtual conversations in summer 2019, he explored what form of Christianity would be meaningful to him now. He plans to consider new churches when in-person visits are possible.
“Where have I been? Where am I at with whatever I’ve been experiencing?” Mr. Bergen said, describing his self-reflection process. “That encourages me to check in with myself, to maybe name the ways in which I’m noticing the divine in my everyday life.”
PHOTOS: Above, Susan Pannier-Cass, a spiritual director and ordained minister. Right, some of the objects in her Chicago studio. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY EVAN JENKINS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: January 15, 2021


End of Document




The 2020 Good Tech Awards
The New York Times
January 1, 2021 Friday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2021 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1; THE SHIFT
Length: 1472 words
Byline: By Kevin Roose
Body


This year, technology firms big and small stepped up to help with the Covid-19 pandemic and other thorny challenges.
Some years, I have to dig deep to come up with worthy honorees for the Good Tech Awards, my annual column that honors what I consider the most humane and altruistic tech projects of the year. 
  Not in 2020, though. This year, technology did more for us than ever -- helping us work from home, set up remote schools, communicate with our loved ones, organize for racial justice, protect the integrity of an election and keep the economy running during a pandemic. And all over the world, technologists stepped up to help solve critical problems and keep us safe.
  Plenty of large tech companies gave money to Covid-19 relief efforts, antiracism groups and other philanthropic causes. Others donated personal protective equipment from their corporate stockpiles, or built apps for contact tracing and other critical pandemic tasks.
  But there were less-heralded tech contributions that made a real difference this year, and the people behind them deserve credit. So let's give thanks to a few of the technologists who stepped up in 2020.
  To U.S. Digital Response, for pandemic-proofing our infrastructure.
  In March, as Covid-19 began spreading across the country, a group of tech workers assembled in Slack rooms and on Zoom calls to figure out how they could use their tech expertise to help with the crisis. The result was the U.S. Digital Response, now a network of over 6,000 coders, data scientists and researchers who are helping local and state governments respond to Covid-19.
  So far, the group -- which is led by Raylene Yung, a former Facebook and Stripe executive, and includes volunteers from most of Silicon Valley's biggest companies -- has taken on pro bono projects in dozens of states. It helped Pennsylvania's Health Department set up an online data dashboard to track the number of available hospital beds and ventilators. It helped Seattle health officials set up an online testing hub, and rebuilt a Kansas Department of Labor website that was used to file for unemployment benefits.
  Ideally, cities and states would have enough money and technical expertise to do these things themselves. But until that happens, we're lucky that the U.S.D.R. is stepping in to fill the gaps.
  To Perimeter, Technosylva and Ignis, for helping put out the fires.
  Because of climate change, we're probably in for many more wildfires like the ones that burned through the West Coast this summer, driving hundreds of thousands of people from their homes. But in future years, we might be better equipped to deal with them thanks to tools like those made by Perimeter, Technosylva and Ignis, three start-ups that are trying to modernize the firefighter's outdated arsenal.
  Perimeter, a small start-up in the Bay Area, makes collaborative mapping and data-sharing software for emergency workers. Its founder, Bailey Farren, is the 24-year-old daughter of a retired fire captain and a paramedic. After she and her family were forced to evacuate during the 2017 Tubbs fire, she saw the need for a better communication system than the two-way radios and paper maps that emergency workers often used. Perimeter's app, which allows fire departments to share real-time evacuation routes and safety updates, is being tested in California cities including Palo Alto and Petaluma, and the company plans to expand to other states soon.
  Technosylva, another California start-up, makes predictive modeling software that allows fire departments to calculate where a fire is heading, how fast it's moving and what weather patterns might affect its path. Its software is used in nine states, and helped the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection predict the trajectory of wildfires this year, saving valuable time for those trying to extinguish the blazes.
  Ignis, created by a Nebraska company, Drone Amplified, is used for ''prescribed burns'' -- small fires purposely set in the path of a larger wildfire to steal its fuel. The system attaches to a drone, and drops small incendiaries known as ''dragon eggs'' from a safe height, at a much lower cost and personal risk than a helicopter. Ignis was used to battle fires in Colorado, California and Oregon this year, and recently struck a partnership with the U.S. Forest Service.
  To Our Data Bodies and Data for Black Lives, for fueling tech's racial reckoning.
  When George Floyd was killed in May, lots of Silicon Valley tech companies raced to voice their support for racial justice. But many of those companies have continued to make products that put Black communities at risk -- whether it's through amplifying misinformation, deploying biased artificial intelligence or perpetuating racism in their work forces.
  This year, I've been more impressed by community-based efforts I've seen to support Black Lives Matter and other anti-racist movements using the tools of technology to hold institutions accountable. One of these efforts, Our Data Bodies, is an education project run by researchers and organizers in Los Angeles; Detroit; Charlotte, N.C.; and other cities. It has worked to teach communities of color how their personal data is collected and used by tech firms and government agencies. This year, it hosted virtual trainings for community organizers to teach them how to fight potentially harmful technologies like facial recognition.
  Another effort, Data for Black Lives, is a group of technologists and activists led by Yeshimabeit Milner who are using the tools of data science to empower Black communities. This year, the group compiled state-level data about the impact of Covid-19 on Black people, and it is in the early stages of putting together a nationwide database of technologies used by police departments, with evidence of how those technologies disproportionately harm Black people.
  To Frontline Foods, for feeding our health care heroes.
  Last spring, when hospitals were filling up with Covid-19 patients and restaurants were struggling to survive, Frank Barbieri and Ryan Sarver, two San Francisco tech veterans, and their friend Sydney Gressel, a nurse in the medical system of the University of California, San Francisco, came up with the idea of connecting hungry frontline health workers with local restaurants that badly needed more business. They began raising money and soliciting help from their networks in the tech community to send restaurant meals to health workers, and Frontline Foods was born.
  Today, Frontline Foods is part of World Central Kitchen, the nonprofit started by the chef José Andrés. It has raised more than $10 million, has hundreds of volunteers throughout the country coordinating meal drop-offs using tools like Slack and AirTable, and has served more than 500,000 meals to hospitals and clinics, while keeping many struggling restaurants busy and afloat.
  To Jackbox Games, for livening up my quarantine.
  I've always been a gamer, but 2020 was the year I needed games to escape the stressful and depressing reality of pandemic life. And of all the games I played, the simple, party-style games with friends and family over Zoom gave me the most joy. Many were made by Jackbox Games.
  Jackbox is best known for its ''party packs'' of games you can play remotely with groups. (I'm partial to Quiplash, in which you compete to come up with funny responses to prompts like ''The worst thing to hear during a massage.'') The company's pandemic-fueled boom -- it has more than doubled its user base this year -- may fade when we can all go outside and see our friends in person again. But it has been invaluable for my sanity this year.
  To the scientists developing Covid-19 vaccines, for getting us back to normal.
  The most important innovation of the year, by a mile, wasn't really ''technology'' in the conventional, Silicon Valley sense of the word. But make no mistake: The scientists at Pfizer, Moderna, BioNTech, the National Institutes of Health, and other pharmaceutical companies and research labs whose work led to the first approved Covid-19 vaccines are innovators of the highest order, and they probably did more to alleviate human suffering this year than all the app developers and hardware makers in the world combined.
  These scientists -- and the teams that supported them -- worked under enormous pressure and crushing deadlines to develop a new kind of mRNA vaccine for the coronavirus, guide it through clinical trials and get it out to the public in record time. The vaccines are a true triumph of science, and because of these people's hard work, hundreds of millions of Americans will get to spend some or most of 2021 hugging their relatives, reopening their businesses, traveling safely and doing all of the socially un-distant things that give us meaning and joy.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/30/technology/2020-good-tech-awards.html


Graphic

 
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Zipeng Zhu FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)               

Load-Date: January 2, 2021


End of Document




The 2020 Good Tech Awards; The Shift
The New York Times 
December 30, 2020 Wednesday 22:18 EST


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: TECHNOLOGY
Length: 1470 words
Byline: Kevin Roose
Highlight: This year, technology firms big and small stepped up to help with the Covid-19 pandemic and other thorny challenges.


Body


This year, technology firms big and small stepped up to help with the Covid-19 pandemic and other thorny challenges.
Some years, I have to dig deep to come up with worthy honorees for the Good Tech Awards, my annual column that honors what I consider the most humane and altruistic tech projects of the year.
Not in 2020, though. This year, technology did more for us than ever — helping us work from home, set up remote schools, communicate with our loved ones, organize for racial justice, protect the integrity of an election and keep the economy running during a pandemic. And all over the world, technologists stepped up to help solve critical problems and keep us safe.
Plenty of large tech companies gave money to Covid-19 relief efforts, antiracism groups and other philanthropic causes. Others donated personal protective equipment from their corporate stockpiles, or built apps for contact tracing and other critical pandemic tasks.
But there were less-heralded tech contributions that made a real difference this year, and the people behind them deserve credit. So let’s give thanks to a few of the technologists who stepped up in 2020.
To U.S. Digital Response, for pandemic-proofing our infrastructure.
In March, as Covid-19 began spreading across the country, a group of tech workers assembled in Slack rooms and on Zoom calls to figure out how they could use their tech expertise to help with the crisis. The result was the U.S. Digital Response, now a network of over 6,000 coders, data scientists and researchers who are helping local and state governments respond to Covid-19.
So far, the group — which is led by Raylene Yung, a former Facebook and Stripe executive, and includes volunteers from most of Silicon Valley’s biggest companies — has taken on pro bono projects in dozens of states. It helped Pennsylvania’s Health Department set up an online data dashboard to track the number of available hospital beds and ventilators. It helped Seattle health officials set up an online testing hub, and rebuilt a Kansas Department of Labor website that was used to file for unemployment benefits.
Ideally, cities and states would have enough money and technical expertise to do these things themselves. But until that happens, we’re lucky that the U.S.D.R. is stepping in to fill the gaps.
To Perimeter, Technosylva and Ignis, for helping put out the fires.
Because of climate change, we’re probably in for many more wildfires like the ones that burned through the West Coast this summer, driving hundreds of thousands of people from their homes. But in future years, we might be better equipped to deal with them thanks to tools like those made by Perimeter, Technosylva and Ignis, three start-ups that are trying to modernize the firefighter’s outdated arsenal.
Perimeter, a small start-up in the Bay Area, makes collaborative mapping and data-sharing software for emergency workers. Its founder, Bailey Farren, is the 24-year-old daughter of a retired fire captain and a paramedic. After she and her family were forced to evacuate during the 2017 Tubbs fire, she saw the need for a better communication system than the two-way radios and paper maps that emergency workers often used. Perimeter’s app, which allows fire departments to share real-time evacuation routes and safety updates, is being tested in California cities including Palo Alto and Petaluma, and the company plans to expand to other states soon.
Technosylva, another California start-up, makes predictive modeling software that allows fire departments to calculate where a fire is heading, how fast it’s moving and what weather patterns might affect its path. Its software is used in nine states, and helped the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection predict the trajectory of wildfires this year, saving valuable time for those trying to extinguish the blazes.
Ignis, created by a Nebraska company, Drone Amplified, is used for “prescribed burns” — small fires purposely set in the path of a larger wildfire to steal its fuel. The system attaches to a drone, and drops small incendiaries known as “dragon eggs” from a safe height, at a much lower cost and personal risk than a helicopter. Ignis was used to battle fires in Colorado, California and Oregon this year, and recently struck a partnership with the U.S. Forest Service.
To Our Data Bodies and Data for Black Lives, for fueling tech’s racial reckoning.
When George Floyd was killed in May, lots of Silicon Valley tech companies raced to voice their support for racial justice. But many of those companies have continued to make products that put Black communities at risk — whether it’s through amplifying misinformation, deploying biased artificial intelligence or perpetuating racism in their work forces.
This year, I’ve been more impressed by community-based efforts I’ve seen to support Black Lives Matter and other anti-racist movements using the tools of technology to hold institutions accountable. One of these efforts, Our Data Bodies, is an education project run by researchers and organizers in Los Angeles; Detroit; Charlotte, N.C.; and other cities. It has worked to teach communities of color how their personal data is collected and used by tech firms and government agencies. This year, it hosted virtual trainings for community organizers to teach them how to fight potentially harmful technologies like facial recognition.
Another effort, Data for Black Lives, is a group of technologists and activists led by Yeshimabeit Milner who are using the tools of data science to empower Black communities. This year, the group compiled state-level data about the impact of Covid-19 on Black people, and it is in the early stages of putting together a nationwide database of technologies used by police departments, with evidence of how those technologies disproportionately harm Black people.
To Frontline Foods, for feeding our health care heroes.
Last spring, when hospitals were filling up with Covid-19 patients and restaurants were struggling to survive, Frank Barbieri and Ryan Sarver, two San Francisco tech veterans, and their friend Sydney Gressel, a nurse in the medical system of the University of California, San Francisco, came up with the idea of connecting hungry frontline health workers with local restaurants that badly needed more business. They began raising money and soliciting help from their networks in the tech community to send restaurant meals to health workers, and Frontline Foods was born.
Today, Frontline Foods is part of World Central Kitchen, the nonprofit started by the chef José Andrés. It has raised more than $10 million, has hundreds of volunteers throughout the country coordinating meal drop-offs using tools like Slack and AirTable, and has served more than 500,000 meals to hospitals and clinics, while keeping many struggling restaurants busy and afloat.
To Jackbox Games, for livening up my quarantine.
I’ve always been a gamer, but 2020 was the year I needed games to escape the stressful and depressing reality of pandemic life. And of all the games I played, the simple, party-style games with friends and family over Zoom gave me the most joy. Many were made by Jackbox Games.
Jackbox is best known for its “party packs” of games you can play remotely with groups. (I’m partial to Quiplash, in which you compete to come up with funny responses to prompts like “The worst thing to hear during a massage.”) The company’s pandemic-fueled boom — it has more than doubled its user base this year — may fade when we can all go outside and see our friends in person again. But it has been invaluable for my sanity this year.
To the scientists developing Covid-19 vaccines, for getting us back to normal.
The most important innovation of the year, by a mile, wasn’t really “technology” in the conventional, Silicon Valley sense of the word. But make no mistake: The scientists at Pfizer, Moderna, BioNTech, the National Institutes of Health, and other pharmaceutical companies and research labs whose work led to the first approved Covid-19 vaccines are innovators of the highest order, and they probably did more to alleviate human suffering this year than all the app developers and hardware makers in the world combined.
These scientists — and the teams that supported them — worked under enormous pressure and crushing deadlines to develop a new kind of mRNA vaccine for the coronavirus, guide it through clinical trials and get it out to the public in record time. The vaccines are a true triumph of science, and because of these people’s hard work, hundreds of millions of Americans will get to spend some or most of 2021 hugging their relatives, reopening their businesses, traveling safely and doing all of the socially un-distant things that give us meaning and joy.
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Zipeng Zhu FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: January 1, 2021


End of Document




Long Working Remotely, Company Shares Its Tips
The New York Times
October 19, 2020 Monday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1
Length: 1449 words
Byline: By Steve Lohr
Body


Ultranauts has been developing creative ways to hire, manage and motivate a far-flung and diverse work force for seven years.
From her home in Beaverton, Ore., Jamie Davila leads a team of eight engineers in seven states for the technology start-up Ultranauts. Like millions of other people during these work-from-home times, she relies on popular communication tools like Zoom and Slack. 
  But Ms. Davila and Ultranauts also work remotely in ways that make them different from most companies. They follow a distinctive set of policies and practices to promote diversity and inclusion among employees.
  All video meetings have closed captioning, for workers who prefer to absorb information in text. Meeting agendas are distributed in advance so people who are uncomfortable speaking up can contribute in writing beforehand. Employees are asked daily for feedback, like whether they believe their strengths are valued and if they feel lonely at work.
  ''The whole idea is to create a safe space that allows everyone to be heard,'' Ms. Davila, 36, said.
  Ultranauts has been working for years on the challenges confronting so many companies during the pandemic, and probably beyond: how to effectively work remotely, make progress toward diversity and inclusion goals, and build a strong organizational culture.
  The company, founded in 2013 by two former roommates at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has had a remote work force from Day 1. It was also founded to use the untapped talent of autistic people, who often think and process information differently from the rest of the population. Seventy-five percent of Ultranauts employees are on the autism spectrum.
  So the small start-up may offer lessons for corporate America in how to hire, manage and motivate far-flung employees, whose work and careers can suffer without the face time and hallway conversations of office life.
  ''Ultranauts' purposeful construction of a workplace that really supports people is extraordinary,'' said Susanne Bruyere, academic director of the Yang-Tan Institute on Employment and Disability at Cornell University. ''Its techniques and tools could absolutely be applied more broadly.''
  The start-up's customers include big companies like AIG, BNY Mellon and Cigna. It began with manual quality testing of websites and apps but has steadily moved to more advanced work like data-quality engineering, data analytics and automated software testing.
  When the pandemic hit, Ultranauts, which is based in New York, lost business as a couple of large customers made cuts to conserve cash. But it quickly picked up new work from companies that are accelerating digital projects despite the downturn. The business now has 90 employees, up from 60 a year ago. Its goal is to expand to 200 in two years.
  Ultranauts is backed by social-impact investors -- which seek financial returns, but not windfalls -- including The Disability Opportunity Fund, SustainVC, Wasabi Ventures and Moai Capital. They have invested $5.7 million so far.
  The company insists its work force is a competitive advantage. The edge, it says, is not so much that autistic brains are wired for computing tasks but that people on the autism spectrum are a diverse group.
  One person may recognize patterns quickly, while another has a more measured cognitive style but arrives at different patterns and ways to fix code. The key lies in harnessing the varied talents of teams.
  Meetings are recorded, transcribed and archived not only to accommodate workers who prefer reading to listening but also to foster a more open organization. That extends to the weekly meetings of the six-person leadership team at Ultranauts. The notes of those sessions, including the decisions made and reasons behind them, are published on the companywide Slack channel.
  ''It is a lot more transparency than most people in business are comfortable with,'' said Art Shectman, a co-founder and the company's president.
  Ultranauts' leaders believe their style of wide-open, explicit communication -- no unwritten rules -- could benefit any company. Ultranauts is giving away a valued homegrown software product, Biodex, as part of a test to see how widely its tools and practices might take root in the corporate mainstream.
  Each employee at Ultranauts has a Biodex profile that states the person's work, communication and feedback preferences. What is your typical response time to messages -- a few minutes, a few hours, same day? If a colleague has constructive criticism, how do you want to receive the feedback -- orally or in writing?
  Each morning, Biodex sends out a bot message with two questions: How ''interactive'' -- ready to communicate with others -- are you feeling today? What's your energy level today? Workers answer on a 1-to-10 scale.
  Rajesh Anandan, a co-founder and the chief executive of Ultranauts, describes Biodex as ''a quick-start guide for how to work with a person.''
  Ultranauts is letting teams at about a dozen organizations, from big corporations to start-ups, try out a test version of Biodex. If trial runs with outsiders go well, Ultranauts plans to make Biodex a free download on the Slack app store by the end of the year. Other Ultranauts apps, like its program for polling worker sentiment and well-being, would follow.
  ''We've built an engine that unlocks opportunity for people who haven't had a fair shot before,'' Mr. Anandan said. ''But if we only do that for ourselves, it won't have much of an impact.''
  Mr. Anandan is a former Bain consultant who switched gears and careers. In 2003, he went to work for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria and later started an incubator for social ventures at UNICEF. Both he and Mr. Shectman, a software engineering consultant, had known since their M.I.T. days autistic people who struggled to find work.
  Many autistic people do well with the structured coursework of school, earning undergraduate and graduate university degrees. But they often stumble at the first hurdle into the job market -- the traditional job interview. They tend to struggle with social interaction, speaking informally and reading the nonverbal cues of communication.
  That was the case for Leslie Reis. She holds a master's degree in software engineering, but had not had a full-time job until Ultranauts hired her last year.
  Writing, Ms. Reis explained, is how she communicates best. ''For a lot of organizations, that was perceived as something that would be a drawback,'' she said in an email, ''rather than a way for me to participate more fully.''
  Ultranauts does not use work experience to filter job candidates. The company does conduct structured interviews, but hiring is largely based on skills assessments that it has developed to measure traits like the ability to work through new problems and take guidance and apply it. Work simulations are another test.
  Tulco, an investment firm in Pittsburgh, hired Ultranauts this year to do data-quality work. Tulco invests in traditional businesses that it thinks can become more efficient and profitable by applying data science and artificial intelligence, but creating those A.I. algorithms requires sifting through troves of messy data.
  Ultranauts' work has impressed Matthew Marolda, executive vice president for data science at Tulco. On one project, its team cleaned up and loaded a vast amount of information into an A.I. model with remarkable speed, days instead of weeks, he said.
  ''This is a work force with inherent strengths,'' Mr. Marolda said. ''They're really good at pattern recognition and really good at detail work.''
  Seeking new pools of skilled workers, and prodded by advocacy groups, several companies in recent years have begun programs to recruit and employ autistic workers, including SAP, Microsoft, Ernst & Young and JPMorgan Chase.
  Ultranauts is one of a handful of small companies and nonprofits in Europe and the United States that employ mainly autistic workers for jobs in technology. Others include Specialisterne, Auticon, Daivergent and Aspiritech. Ultranauts stands out, experts say, for working entirely remotely from the outset and for developing its carefully crafted combination of digital tools and workplace practices.
  Its culture has certainly resonated with Ms. Davila, who is autistic and was hired four years ago, with no formal training in computing. Since then, she has mastered not only programming languages but also skills as a manager.
  Ultranauts has also been her ladder to the middle class. ''Before I got the job at Ultranauts, I was on food stamps,'' Ms. Davila recalled. ''Now, I own my own house. And it's a nice house in a nice neighborhood.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/10/18/technology/ultranauts-remote-work.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS: A remote-working company from the start, Ultranauts created effective tools, said Jamie Davila, a manager. (B1)
 ''The whole idea is to create a safe space that allows everyone to be heard,'' Jamie Davila, who leads a team of eight engineers in seven states, said of Ultranauts' policies to promote diversity and inclusion among employees. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY AMANDA LUCIER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B2)               

Load-Date: October 19, 2020


End of Document




Remote but Inclusive for Years, and Now Showing Other Companies How
The New York Times 
October 18, 2020 Sunday 07:48 EST


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: TECHNOLOGY
Length: 1500 words
Byline: Steve Lohr
Highlight: Ultranauts has been developing creative ways to hire, manage and motivate a far-flung and diverse work force for seven years.


Body


Ultranauts has been developing creative ways to hire, manage and motivate a far-flung and diverse work force for seven years.
From her home in Beaverton, Ore., Jamie Davila leads a team of eight engineers in seven states for the technology start-up Ultranauts. Like millions of other people during these work-from-home times, she relies on popular communication tools like Zoom and Slack.
But Ms. Davila and Ultranauts also work remotely in ways that make them different from most companies. They follow a distinctive set of policies and practices to promote diversity and inclusion among employees.
All video meetings have closed captioning, for workers who prefer to absorb information in text. Meeting agendas are distributed in advance so people who are uncomfortable speaking up can contribute in writing beforehand. Employees are asked daily for feedback, like whether they believe their strengths are valued and if they feel lonely at work.
“The whole idea is to create a safe space that allows everyone to be heard,” Ms. Davila, 36, said.
Ultranauts has been working for years on the challenges confronting so many companies during the pandemic, and probably beyond: how to effectively work remotely, make progress toward diversity and inclusion goals, and build a strong organizational culture.
The company, founded in 2013 by two former roommates at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has had a remote work force from Day 1. It was also founded to use the untapped talent of autistic people, who often think and process information differently from the rest of the population. Seventy-five percent of Ultranauts employees are on the autism spectrum.
So the small start-up may offer lessons for corporate America in how to hire, manage and motivate far-flung employees, whose work and careers can suffer without the face time and hallway conversations of office life.
“Ultranauts’ purposeful construction of a workplace that really supports people is extraordinary,” said Susanne Bruyere, academic director of the Yang-Tan Institute on Employment and Disability at Cornell University. “Its techniques and tools could absolutely be applied more broadly.”
The start-up’s customers include big companies like AIG, BNY Mellon and Cigna. It began with manual quality testing of websites and apps but has steadily moved to more advanced work like data-quality engineering, data analytics and automated software testing.
When the pandemic hit, Ultranauts, which is based in New York, lost business as a couple of large customers made cuts to conserve cash. But it quickly picked up new work from companies that are accelerating digital projects despite the downturn. The business now has 90 employees, up from 60 a year ago. Its goal is to expand to 200 in two years.
Ultranauts is backed by social-impact investors — which seek financial returns, but not windfalls — including The Disability Opportunity Fund, SustainVC, Wasabi Ventures and Moai Capital. They have invested $5.7 million so far.
The company insists its work force is a competitive advantage. The edge, it says, is not so much that autistic brains are wired for computing tasks but that people on the autism spectrum are a diverse group.
One person may recognize patterns quickly, while another has a more measured cognitive style but arrives at different patterns and ways to fix code. The key lies in harnessing the varied talents of teams.
Meetings are recorded, transcribed and archived not only to accommodate workers who prefer reading to listening but also to foster a more open organization. That extends to the weekly meetings of the six-person leadership team at Ultranauts. The notes of those sessions, including the decisions made and reasons behind them, are published on the companywide Slack channel.
“It is a lot more transparency than most people in business are comfortable with,” said Art Shectman, a co-founder and the company’s president.
Ultranauts’ leaders believe their style of wide-open, explicit communication — no unwritten rules — could benefit any company. Ultranauts is giving away a valued homegrown software product, Biodex, as part of a test to see how widely its tools and practices might take root in the corporate mainstream.
Each employee at Ultranauts has a Biodex profile that states the person’s work, communication and feedback preferences. What is your typical response time to messages — a few minutes, a few hours, same day? If a colleague has constructive criticism, how do you want to receive the feedback — orally or in writing?
Each morning, Biodex sends out a bot message with two questions: How “interactive” — ready to communicate with others — are you feeling today? What’s your energy level today? Workers answer on a 1-to-10 scale.
Rajesh Anandan, a co-founder and the chief executive of Ultranauts, describes Biodex as “a quick-start guide for how to work with a person.”
Ultranauts is letting teams at about a dozen organizations, from big corporations to start-ups, try out a test version of Biodex. If trial runs with outsiders go well, Ultranauts plans to make Biodex a free download on the Slack app store by the end of the year. Other Ultranauts apps, like its program for polling worker sentiment and well-being, would follow.
“We’ve built an engine that unlocks opportunity for people who haven’t had a fair shot before,” Mr. Anandan said. “But if we only do that for ourselves, it won’t have much of an impact.”
Mr. Anandan is a former Bain consultant who switched gears and careers. In 2003, he went to work for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria and later started an incubator for social ventures at UNICEF. Both he and Mr. Shectman, a software engineering consultant, had known since their M.I.T. days autistic people who struggled to find work.
Many autistic people do well with the structured coursework of school, earning undergraduate and graduate university degrees. But they often stumble at the first hurdle into the job market — the traditional job interview. They tend to struggle with social interaction, speaking informally and reading the nonverbal cues of communication.
That was the case for Leslie Reis. She holds a master’s degree in software engineering, but had not had a full-time job until Ultranauts hired her last year.
Writing, Ms. Reis explained, is how she communicates best. “For a lot of organizations, that was perceived as something that would be a drawback,” she said in an email, “rather than a way for me to participate more fully.”
Ultranauts does not use work experience to filter job candidates. The company does conduct structured interviews, but hiring is largely based on skills assessments that it has developed to measure traits like the ability to work through new problems and take guidance and apply it. Work simulations are another test.
Tulco, an investment firm in Pittsburgh, hired Ultranauts this year to do data-quality work. Tulco invests in traditional businesses that it thinks can become more efficient and profitable by applying data science and artificial intelligence, but creating those A.I. algorithms requires sifting through troves of messy data.
Ultranauts’ work has impressed Matthew Marolda, executive vice president for data science at Tulco. On one project, its team cleaned up and loaded a vast amount of information into an A.I. model with remarkable speed, days instead of weeks, he said.
“This is a work force with inherent strengths,” Mr. Marolda said. “They’re really good at pattern recognition and really good at detail work.”
Seeking new pools of skilled workers, and prodded by advocacy groups, several companies in recent years have begun programs to recruit and employ autistic workers, including SAP, Microsoft, Ernst &amp; Young and JPMorgan Chase.
Ultranauts is one of a handful of small companies and nonprofits in Europe and the United States that employ mainly autistic workers for jobs in technology. Others include Specialisterne, Auticon, Daivergent and Aspiritech. Ultranauts stands out, experts say, for working entirely remotely from the outset and for developing its carefully crafted combination of digital tools and workplace practices.
Its culture has certainly resonated with Ms. Davila, who is autistic and was hired four years ago, with no formal training in computing. Since then, she has mastered not only programming languages but also skills as a manager.
Ultranauts has also been her ladder to the middle class. “Before I got the job at Ultranauts, I was on food stamps,” Ms. Davila recalled. “Now, I own my own house. And it’s a nice house in a nice neighborhood.”
PHOTOS: A remote-working company from the start, Ultranauts created effective tools, said Jamie Davila, a manager. (B1); “The whole idea is to create a safe space that allows everyone to be heard,” Jamie Davila, who leads a team of eight engineers in seven states, said of Ultranauts’ policies to promote diversity and inclusion among employees. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY AMANDA LUCIER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B2)

Load-Date: October 20, 2020


End of Document




When Algorithms Do the Grading
The New York Times
September 9, 2020 Wednesday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company
Section: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; Pg. 27
Length: 1173 words
Byline: By Meredith Broussard
Body


In-person final exams were canceled for thousands of students this spring, so computers stepped in -- to disastrous effect.
Isabel Castañeda's first words were in Spanish. She spends every summer with relatives in Mexico. She speaks Spanish with her family at home. When her school, Westminster High in Colorado, closed for the pandemic in March, her Spanish literature class had just finished analyzing an entire novel in translation, Albert Camus's ''The Plague.'' She got a 5 out of 5 on her Advanced Placement Spanish exam last year, following two straight years of A+ grades in Spanish class. 
  And yet, she failed her International Baccalaureate Spanish exam this year.
  When she got her final results, Ms. Castañeda was shocked. ''Everybody believed that I was going to score very high,'' she told me. ''Then, the scores came back and I didn't even score a passing grade. I scored well below passing.''
  How did this happen? An algorithm assigned a grade to Ms. Castañeda and 160,000 other students. The International Baccalaureate -- a global program that awards a prestigious diploma to students in addition to the one they receive from their high schools -- canceled its usual in-person final exams because of the pandemic. Instead, it used an algorithm to ''predict'' students' grades, based on an array of student information, including teacher-estimated grades and past performance by students in each school.
  Ms. Castañeda was not alone in receiving a surprising failing grade -- tens of thousands of International Baccalaureate students protested their computer-assigned grades online and in person. High-achieving, low-income students were hit particularly hard: many took the exams expecting to earn college credit with their scores and save thousands of dollars on tuition.
  Nor was the International Baccalaureate the only organization to use a computer program to assign students grades amid the pandemic. The United Kingdom's in-person A-level exams, which help determine which universities students go to, were also canceled and replaced with grades-by-algorithm. Students who were denied university entrance because of these imaginary grades took to the streets, chanting anti-algorithm slogans. Only after an uproar did the government change course, though many students were left in limbo without university admission.
  The lesson from these debacles is clear: Algorithms should not be used to assign student grades. And we should think much more critically about algorithmic decision-making overall, especially in education. The pandemic makes it tempting to imagine that social institutions like school can be replaced by technological solutions. They can't.
  The bureaucrats who decided to use a computer to assign grades are guilty of a bias I call technochauvinism: the idea that technological solutions are superior. It's usually accompanied by equally bogus notions like, ''Computers make neutral decisions'' or, ''Computers are objective because their decisions are based on math.''
  Computers are excellent at doing math, but education is not math -- it's a social system. And algorithmic systems repeatedly fail at making social decisions. Algorithms can't monitor or detect hate speech, they can't replace social workers in public assistance programs, they can't predict crime, they can't determine which job applicants are more suited than others, they can't do effective facial recognition, and they can't grade essays or replace teachers.
  In the case of the International Baccalaureate program, grades could have been assigned based on the sample materials that students had already submitted by the time schools shut down. Instead, the organization decided to use an algorithm, which probably seemed like it would be cheaper and easier.
  The process worked like this: Data scientists took student information and fed it into a computer. The computer then constructed a model that outputted individual student grades, which International Baccalaureate claimed the students would have gotten if they had taken the standardized tests that didn't happen. It's a legitimate data science method, similar to the methods that predict which Netflix series you'll want to watch next or which deodorant you're likely to order from Amazon.
  The problem is, data science stinks at making predictions that are ethical or fair. In education, racial and class bias is baked into the system -- and an algorithm will only amplify those biases.
  Crude generalizations work for Netflix predictions because the stakes are low. If the Netflix algorithm suggests a show and I don't like it, I ignore it and move on with my day. In education, the stakes are much higher. A transcript follows you for years; when I was 25 and well out of college, I applied for a job that asked for my SAT scores.
  In Ms. Castañeda's case, her failing grade was most likely due in part to the fact that historical performance data for her school was one of the inputs to the algorithm. The computer assumed that the students at Westminster, who are mostly low-income students of color, would continue to do poorly.
  ''Everyone I know got downgraded one or two levels,'' Ms. Castañeda told me. ''It's not fair that our scores were brought down because of our school's history. It's unfair to punish students for where they live.''
  Another input to the algorithm was teacher prediction of the students' grades. Teachers tend to have lower expectations for Black and Brown students compared to white students; this bias is well known in the education community and ignored in the data science community. Thus a very human bias prevailed in the computational system.
  International Baccalaureate and Ofqual, the agency that administers Britain's A-level exams, have reluctantly realized that algorithmic grades were a mistake. Since the outcry over algorithm-assigned grades, both organizations have been sued. Many students, including Ms. Castañeda, ended up receiving new, higher imaginary grades.
  Roger Taylor, chair of the Ofqual board, apologized in front of a House of Commons educational oversight committee this week. ''We are sorry for what happened this summer,'' he said. ''With hindsight it appears unlikely that we could ever have delivered this policy successfully.''
  As we stare down the fall semester online, there are going to be infinitely many technochauvinist calls to transform online education and use algorithmic tools that promise to evaluate individual student learning. Resist these calls.
  Meredith Broussard (@merbroussard) is a data journalism professor at New York University and the author of ''Artificial Unintelligence: How Computers Misunderstand the World.'' She is working on a book about race and technology.
  The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We'd like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com
  Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/08/opinion/international-baccalaureate-algorithm-grades.html


Graphic

 
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY KIEL D. MUTSCHELKNAUS)               

Load-Date: September 10, 2020


End of Document




When Algorithms Give Real Students Imaginary Grades
The New York Times 
September 8, 2020 Tuesday 01:00 EST


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: OPINION
Length: 1169 words
Byline: Meredith Broussard
Highlight: In-person final exams were canceled for thousands of students this spring, so computers stepped in — to disastrous effect.


Body


In-person final exams were canceled for thousands of students this spring, so computers stepped in — to disastrous effect.
Isabel Castañeda’s first words were in Spanish. She spends every summer with relatives in Mexico. She speaks Spanish with her family at home. When her school, Westminster High in Colorado, closed for the pandemic in March, her Spanish literature class had just finished analyzing an entire novel in translation, Albert Camus’s “The Plague.” She got a 5 out of 5 on her Advanced Placement Spanish exam last year, following two straight years of A+ grades in Spanish class.
And yet, she failed her International Baccalaureate Spanish exam this year.
When she got her final results, Ms. Castañeda was shocked. “Everybody believed that I was going to score very high,” she told me. “Then, the scores came back and I didn’t even score a passing grade. I scored well below passing.”
How did this happen? An algorithm assigned a grade to Ms. Castañeda and 160,000 other students. The International Baccalaureate — a global program that awards a prestigious diploma to students in addition to the one they receive from their high schools — canceled its usual in-person final exams because of the pandemic. Instead, it used an algorithm to “predict” students’ grades, based on an array of student information, including teacher-estimated grades and past performance by students in each school.
Ms. Castañeda was not alone in receiving a surprising failing grade — tens of thousands of International Baccalaureate students protested their computer-assigned grades online and in person. High-achieving, low-income students were hit particularly hard: many took the exams expecting to earn college credit with their scores and save thousands of dollars on tuition.
Nor was the International Baccalaureate the only organization to use a computer program to assign students grades amid the pandemic. The United Kingdom’s in-person A-level exams, which help determine which universities students go to, were also canceled and replaced with grades-by-algorithm. Students who were denied university entrance because of these imaginary grades took to the streets, chanting anti-algorithm slogans. Only after an uproar did the governmentchange course, though many students were left in limbo without university admission.
The lesson from these debacles is clear: Algorithms should not be used to assign student grades. And we should think much more critically about algorithmic decision-making overall, especially in education. The pandemic makes it tempting to imagine that social institutions like school can be replaced by technological solutions. They can’t.
The bureaucrats who decided to use a computer to assign grades are guilty of a bias I call technochauvinism: the idea that technological solutions are superior. It’s usually accompanied by equally bogus notions like, “Computers make neutral decisions” or, “Computers are objective because their decisions are based on math.”
Computers are excellent at doing math, but education is not math — it’s a social system. And algorithmic systems repeatedly fail at making social decisions. Algorithms can’t monitor or detect hate speech, they can’t replace social workers in public assistance programs, they can’t predict crime, they can’t determine which job applicants are more suited than others, they can’t do effective facial recognition, and they can’t grade essays or replace teachers.
In the case of the International Baccalaureate program, grades could have been assigned based on the sample materials that students had already submitted by the time schools shut down. Instead, the organization decided to use an algorithm, which probably seemed like it would be cheaper and easier.
The process worked like this: Data scientists took student information and fed it into a computer. The computer then constructed a model that outputted individual student grades, which International Baccalaureate claimed the students would have gotten if they had taken the standardized tests that didn’t happen. It’s a legitimate data science method, similar to the methods that predict which Netflix series you’ll want to watch next or which deodorant you’re likely to order from Amazon.
The problem is, data science stinks at making predictions that are ethical or fair. In education, racial and class bias is baked into the system — and an algorithm will only amplify those biases.
Crude generalizations work for Netflix predictions because the stakes are low. If the Netflix algorithm suggests a show and I don’t like it, I ignore it and move on with my day. In education, the stakes are much higher. A transcript follows you for years; when I was 25 and well out of college, I applied for a job that asked for my SAT scores.
In Ms. Castañeda’s case, her failing grade was most likely due in part to the fact that historical performance data for her school was one of the inputs to the algorithm. The computer assumed that the students at Westminster, who are mostly low-income students of color, would continue to do poorly.
“Everyone I know got downgraded one or two levels,” Ms. Castañeda told me. “It’s not fair that our scores were brought down because of our school’s history. It’s unfair to punish students for where they live.”
Another input to the algorithm was teacher prediction of the students’ grades. Teachers tend to have lower expectations for Black and Brown students compared to white students; this bias is well known in the education community and ignored in the data science community. Thus a very human bias prevailed in the computational system.
International Baccalaureate and Ofqual, the agency that administers Britain’s A-level exams, have reluctantly realized that algorithmic grades were a mistake. Since the outcry over algorithm-assigned grades, both organizations have been sued. Many students, including Ms. Castañeda, ended up receiving new, higher imaginary grades.
Roger Taylor, chair of the Ofqual board, apologized in front of a House of Commons educational oversight committee this week. “We are sorry for what happened this summer,” he said. “With hindsight it appears unlikely that we could ever have delivered this policy successfully.”
As we stare down the fall semester online, there are going to be infinitely many technochauvinist calls to transform online education and use algorithmic tools that promise to evaluate individual student learning. Resist these calls.
Meredith Broussard (@merbroussard) is a data journalism professor at New York University and the author of “Artificial Unintelligence: How Computers Misunderstand the World.” She is working on a book about race and technology.
The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY KIEL D. MUTSCHELKNAUS)

Load-Date: September 9, 2020


End of Document




A Cal Football Player Opted Out Because of the Virus. Then Came the Tuition Bill.
The New York Times 
November 20, 2020 Friday 15:16 EST


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: SPORTS; ncaafootball
Length: 2668 words
Byline: Billy Witz
Highlight: A committee found that the athletic department broke an N.C.A.A. rule by revoking Henry Bazakas’s summer scholarship. His fight to get it back showed the cutthroat side of college football.


Body


A committee found that the athletic department broke an N.C.A.A. rule by revoking Henry Bazakas’s summer scholarship. His fight to get it back showed the cutthroat side of college football.
Henry Bazakas embodied everything the University of California wants in a football player.
A third-generation Cal student who grew up in Berkeley, Bazakas arrived on campus five years ago as a walk-on offensive lineman. Three times he earned an award for having the team’s highest grade-point average. He and a teammate spearheaded a summer reading program at local elementary schools. He won another award, for his commitment to strength and conditioning while recovering from a torn knee ligament. And last season, after he finally earned an athletic scholarship, he started three games at left tackle.
But none of that counted for much in June, when Bazakas called the Cal football coach, Justin Wilcox, to say that he was opting out of his final season because of health concerns related to the coronavirus pandemic.
The call was the beginning of an odyssey that illustrates the normally unseen, cutthroat side of the business of college football, with tensions that have been magnified for athletes by the determined push to play during the pandemic.
Nine days later, Bazakas found his scholarship had been cut off, and he was then billed more than $24,000 halfway through his summer term because the athletic department had revoked the financial aid that it had already paid.
The summer school aid was ultimately reinstated by a university appeals committee, which said the school had violated N.C.A.A. rules by abruptly pulling Bazakas’s aid before giving him an opportunity for a hearing.
Bazakas also asked for his scholarship back for the fall semester, but the appeals panel sided with the athletic department’s decision to not renew it. While most of his teammates arrived at Cal with scholarships pledged for four years, walk-ons, like Bazakas, who eventually earn scholarships may not get them in subsequent years, and Cal had met an N.C.A.A. deadline in July not to renew his.
“It feels like the second I was done playing football, the program was done with me,” said Bazakas, who waited nearly three months for his summer aid to be restored through appeal.
Wilcox, the football coach, and Jay Larson, the senior associate athletic director who administers the football program and directed its arguments against Bazakas’s appeal, declined interview requests about the case. Herb Benenson, an athletic department spokesman, said Bazakas knew that he had not been offered a scholarship for the 2020-21 academic year when he left the team.
This is true, but only partly so. Bazakas had asked his coach several times over six months whether the scholarship would be renewed. He got no firm answer. Wilcox’s decision came through an email from the financial aid office on June 25.
Benenson said the athletic department, even though it argued against Bazakas, agreed with the university’s decision to restore the player’s summer aid. Benenson said the aid was mistakenly canceled because of a clerical error that did not come to light until an inquiry by The New York Times in mid-October, a month after the committee’s ruling.
Bazakas said neither Wilcox nor Larson, nor anyone else from Cal, had contacted him to acknowledge what Benenson characterized as “an honest mistake.”
‘All the power is in the coach’s hands — you can’t negotiate,’ a former teammate said.
As major college football has lurched through the pandemic in pursuit of billions in television revenue — Cal had its first two scheduled games canceled, then lost Sunday to U.C.L.A. in a game arranged two days before kickoff — not even mandated protections for players have been ironclad.
In August, Washington State receiver Kassidy Woods, who opted out because he has the sickle cell trait, was allowed to keep his scholarship but removed from the team when Coach Nick Rolovich told Woods it would be “an issue” that he was aligned with a player rights’ movement. Utah State Coach Gary Andersen, before he was fired after an 0-3 start, said there was a reason none of his players had opted out. “It’s not an option,” he told reporters. “If you opt out, you’re not with us.”
As players weigh their health risks, an unstated pressure urges them to continue competing to maintain their places in the pecking order for playing time. For those who arrived as walk-ons, a missed season heightens the uncertainty about whether a scholarship will be renewed.
“The way we use our voice, how we play or practice — that’s what determines if we keep our scholarship,” said Gabe Siemieniec, a former walk-on kicker at Cal who transferred to Louisiana Tech before the season in part because he was not sure whether his scholarship would be renewed. “It’s kind of interesting. All the power is in the coach’s hands — you can’t negotiate.”
Programs at the top level of college football may offer up to 85 football scholarships each year with the remainder of a 120-player roster filled by non-scholarship players, or walk-ons.
Walk-ons can be indispensable to even the best programs. In practices, they mimic opposing players to help the starters prepare for the next game. They often lift the team grade-point average and sometimes compensate for recruiting mistakes when they blossom into contributors. The patron saint of walk-ons is Hunter Renfrow, who caught a last-second touchdown to win the national championship for Clemson in 2017.
For walk-ons, a scholarship is not just a financial reward.
It is a stamp of legitimacy earned through sweat and sacrifice in the weight room and on the practice field, and through their play on Saturdays. Scholarships are often conferred in front of teammates in elaborate presentations, which the schools happily promote on social media.
‘You’re supposed to make every decision for the team.’
Bazakas recalled the immense pride he felt when Wilcox informed him that he would be on scholarship last year. Bazakas grew up sitting in the stands at Memorial Stadium rooting for Cal. His late grandfather, a Cal graduate, was a season-ticket holder. His father, a financial officer at a tech company, and his mother, an educator, graduated from Cal. His affinity runs so deep that he rejected his mother’s suggestion that he apply to Cal’s archrival, Stanford.
Though Bazakas — who started playing football in high school — drew interest from Ivy League schools and Weber State, he jumped at an offer from Sonny Dykes, then the coach at Cal, to join the Golden Bears as a walk-on.
“That was a dream come true,” Bazakas said.
Bazakas quickly realized how far he was from playing in a game. But he got stronger and improved his technique. By his third season, he had worked his way up to the 70-player travel squad. The next season was cut short by a torn knee ligament.
Last year, after being awarded a scholarship, Bazakas was thrust into the conference opener because of a teammate’s injury and helped the team drive the length of the field for a late field goal to beat Washington. He started three games and also played in a victory over Stanford that ended Cal’s eight-game losing streak in the rivalry.
“It was my proudest moment,” Bazakas said.
Bazakas had hoped for more highlights this season. He wanted to compete for a starting position. But he is grateful for the experiences he has had.
“I didn’t want it to end the way it did, but in the scale of 2020, most things aren’t going the way people wanted them to go,” Bazakas said.
Bazakas opted out at a moment of great uncertainty for college football players. Some schools were requiring athletes to sign liability waivers upon returning to campus for summer workouts, and it was weeks before conferences like the Big Ten, the Pac-12 and the Southeastern Conferences said they would honor scholarships for athletes who opted out. The N.C.A.A. did not make it a blanket policy until August. (The standard scholarship agreement says that athletes can have their aid canceled if they withdraw from a team.)
“You’re supposed to make every decision for the team and that’s what you want, but at some point, you’re an individual,” Bazakas said. “You’re not really allowed to advocate for yourself. You don’t realize you can until you’re out of the system.”
Around the time Bazakas opted out, two close friends on the team — offensive linemen Valentino Daltoso and Jake Curhan — were at the center of a movement by Pac-12 players that pushed for more rights for players, including say on health protocols and protections for athletes who chose to sit out a season.
Andrew Cooper, who ran cross-country at Washington State and Cal and has been an organizer in the athletes’ rights movement, said Bazakas’s case was one of many that were discussed as hundreds of players around the country had group conversations over the summer through videoconferencing. (Daltoso and Curhan did not respond to interview requests.)
“Ninety-nine percent of college athletes stay silent about the injustices they experience,” Cooper said. “We’re told, ‘Just be grateful.’” He added: “When it comes down to it, no one is there to protect us, because athletic departments’ financial interests do not align with athletes’ interests.”
The pandemic upended the best chance for walk-ons to earn their scholarships anew.
Bazakas was among six walk-ons who received scholarships last season and were eligible to return in 2020. Wilcox made it clear that the aid was for one year and that subsequent years could be awarded if Cal had scholarships available.
Two of those players were certain to have their scholarships renewed because of their strong play. Shortly after last season ended, the four others were called into Wilcox’s office, one by one, and left with a similar impression: that their aid was very much uncertain for the next season. Some of their spots, for example, could be taken by transfers who would fill more urgent needs.
The former walk-ons viewed spring practices as their best chance to prove to the coaches they deserved to have their scholarships renewed. But after four sessions, football was shut down because of the virus.
“Everything was up in the air,” Siemieniec said.
The three other players besides Bazakas entered the transfer portal to seek scholarship offers elsewhere. Two transferred, and one, tight end Collin Moore, had his scholarship renewed.
Bazakas, though, was already deep into a master’s program for information and data science, so leaving did not make sense.
But by June, as teams planned for summer workouts, Bazakas began to question whether returning to campus was a good idea.
Bazakas, who stands 6-foot-6, weighed 330 pounds at the time, putting him in a high-risk category if he contracted the virus. His parents are in their 50s, so they could be vulnerable, too. He worried about catching the virus while working out with his teammates, then bringing it home or to people in his neighborhood.
“The thought of going back scared me a lot,” said Bazakas, who had repeated conversations with his teammates, his girlfriend and his family over several months.
Finally, on June 16, the day before Cal announced players could return to campus to prepare for voluntary workouts, Bazakas called Wilcox.
“He was pretty understanding,” Bazakas said. “He said the world is crazy and everyone has to make a choice. He asked, ‘Is there a chance I can talk you out of this or have you made up your mind?’ I told him I had made up my mind. He said, ‘OK, I respect that.’ It wasn’t a long conversation.”
Bazakas said his scholarship was not discussed.
‘Man, I’m going to have to explain this to my parents.’
When he called his coach, Bazakas did not know about the key date of July 1, when the N.C.A.A. requires schools to notify athletes of any roster reduction for the next academic year. The date was not mentioned in the financial aid agreement that Bazakas signed for 2019-20. Benenson, the athletic department spokesman, acknowledged that Bazakas had not been notified of Cal’s deadline, but he said Wilcox had told the player not to expect a renewal.
As for summer aid, each school makes its own decisions. This summer Cal tightened its financial belt. The athletic department, which was facing a $55 million deficit if there were no fall sports, largely restricted athletes to one summer class because of virus-related budget constraints, Benenson said.
Bazakas appeared to be an exception. He received a text on May 18 from Joel Derechinsky, the team’s academic coordinator, who asked if Bazakas needed to take all three classes he had registered for during the summer semester.
Bazakas, who earned his bachelor’s degree in business administration, replied that he wanted to leave his final two classes for the fall semester during the season. Derechinsky said that would be OK. (Derechinsky declined to be interviewed.)
A month later, Bazakas received notice that he would no longer be on scholarship. One night as he considered whether to appeal, Bazakas checked his student account portal before he went to bed.
He blinked.
It carried two new charges on July 1: $23,506 for summer fees and $631 for the summer stipend. “I was pretty shook,” Bazakas said. “I thought, ‘Man, I’m going to have to explain this to my parents.’”
As September approached, Bazakas filed the final paperwork in his appeal with the help of several family friends, including a lawyer.
The athletic department countered Bazakas’s plea for restoring his summer aid by offering part of it back. Larson, in a Sept. 3 letter to the appeals committee, wrote: “Although we are not required to do so by NCAA rules, we have decided to provide summer aid to cover tuition and fees for one of Mr. Bazakas’ courses.”
The three-person committee sided with Bazakas. It said the athletic department failed to provide a hearing before his aid was revoked, which is required by N.C.A.A. rules.
But Bob Jacobsen, an undergraduate dean who was on the committee, said Bazakas’s summer aid was restored because Cal’s policy does not allow aid to be revoked during a term. When asked why that was not written in the ruling, he said: “This is not a Supreme Court decision where we have to cite it. If the document doesn’t make sense as a public relations document, so be it.” He added: “We didn’t expect anybody would be reading it.”
Benenson said the athletic department learned more recently that its error occurred because Bazakas’s courses were incorrectly classified as beginning in late July rather than in May.
The case for a fall scholarship, Bazakas knew, was more difficult to make. He is spending $15,000 to take his last two classes and he will graduate in December.
“I understand the business of football — if you don’t need a lineman as bad as you need a receiver and you take it away,” Bazakas said of the scholarship. “But I never got an answer; I never heard a yes or no. When I talked to Coach Wilcox the last time, I said if I hadn’t stepped away, would I have still gotten my aid? He didn’t answer.”
He added: “That’s the biggest what-if. If I hadn’t opted out, what would have happened?”
Bazakas — who signed off on his appeal letters with “Go Bears!” — said his experience had not soured him on Cal. He has followed the myriad twists his old teammates have endured — in August the Pac-12 postponed football, only to later decide to play after all, albeit with a truncated schedule. Practices have been interrupted and schedules upended. He feels for his teammates.
Last weekend Bazakas — 50 pounds lighter, having shed some of his football girth — sat in front of the TV and did what he had always done. He rooted for the Bears to win.
PHOTOS: Henry Bazakas started out on the Cal football team as a walk-on and then got a scholarship. He chose not to play this season because of the pandemic. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW YORK TIMES); Bazakas playing at Mississippi in 2019, one of three games he started last year. He said playing in Cal’s win over Stanford was “his proudest moment.” (PHOTOGRAPH BY JONATHAN BACHMAN/GETTY IMAGES)

Load-Date: November 21, 2020


End of Document




A Walk-On Opted Out. Then Came a $24,000 Bill.
The New York Times
November 21, 2020 Saturday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 8
Length: 2635 words
Byline: By Billy Witz
Body


A committee found that the athletic department broke an N.C.A.A. rule by revoking Henry Bazakas's summer scholarship. His fight to get it back showed the cutthroat side of college football.
Henry Bazakas embodied everything the University of California wants in a football player. 
  A third-generation Cal student who grew up in Berkeley, Bazakas arrived on campus five years ago as a walk-on offensive lineman. Three times he earned an award for having the team's highest grade-point average. He and a teammate spearheaded a summer reading program at local elementary schools. He won another award, for his commitment to strength and conditioning while recovering from a torn knee ligament. And last season, after he finally earned an athletic scholarship, he started three games at left tackle.
  But none of that counted for much in June, when Bazakas called the Cal football coach, Justin Wilcox, to say that he was opting out of his final season because of health concerns related to the coronavirus pandemic.
  The call was the beginning of an odyssey that illustrates the normally unseen, cutthroat side of the business of college football, with tensions that have been magnified for athletes by the determined push to play during the pandemic.
  Nine days later, Bazakas found his scholarship had been cut off, and he was then billed more than $24,000 halfway through his summer term because the athletic department had revoked the financial aid that it had already paid.
  The summer school aid was ultimately reinstated by a university appeals committee, which said the school had violated N.C.A.A. rules by abruptly pulling Bazakas's aid before giving him an opportunity for a hearing.
  Bazakas also asked for his scholarship back for the fall semester, but the appeals panel sided with the athletic department's decision to not renew it. While most of his teammates arrived at Cal with scholarships pledged for four years, walk-ons, like Bazakas, who eventually earn scholarships may not get them in subsequent years, and Cal had met an N.C.A.A. deadline in July not to renew his.
  ''It feels like the second I was done playing football, the program was done with me,'' said Bazakas, who waited nearly three months for his summer aid to be restored through appeal.
  Wilcox, the football coach, and Jay Larson, the senior associate athletic director who administers the football program and directed its arguments against Bazakas's appeal, declined interview requests about the case. Herb Benenson, an athletic department spokesman, said Bazakas knew that he had not been offered a scholarship for the 2020-21 academic year when he left the team.
  This is true, but only partly so. Bazakas had asked his coach several times over six months whether the scholarship would be renewed. He got no firm answer. Wilcox's decision came through an email from the financial aid office on June 25.
  Benenson said the athletic department, even though it argued against Bazakas, agreed with the university's decision to restore the player's summer aid. Benenson said the aid was mistakenly canceled because of a clerical error that did not come to light until an inquiry by The New York Times in mid-October, a month after the committee's ruling.
  Bazakas said neither Wilcox nor Larson, nor anyone else from Cal, had contacted him to acknowledge what Benenson characterized as ''an honest mistake.''
  'All the power is in the coach's hands -- you can't negotiate,' a former teammate said.
  As major college football has lurched through the pandemic in pursuit of billions in television revenue -- Cal had its first two scheduled games canceled, then lost Sunday to U.C.L.A. in a game arranged two days before kickoff -- not even mandated protections for players have been ironclad.
  In August, Washington State receiver Kassidy Woods, who opted out because he has the sickle cell trait, was allowed to keep his scholarship but removed from the team when Coach Nick Rolovich told Woods it would be ''an issue'' that he was aligned with a player rights' movement. Utah State Coach Gary Andersen, before he was fired after an 0-3 start, said there was a reason none of his players had opted out. ''It's not an option,'' he told reporters. ''If you opt out, you're not with us.''
  As players weigh their health risks, an unstated pressure urges them to continue competing to maintain their places in the pecking order for playing time. For those who arrived as walk-ons, a missed season heightens the uncertainty about whether a scholarship will be renewed.
  ''The way we use our voice, how we play or practice -- that's what determines if we keep our scholarship,'' said Gabe Siemieniec, a former walk-on kicker at Cal who transferred to Louisiana Tech before the season in part because he was not sure whether his scholarship would be renewed. ''It's kind of interesting. All the power is in the coach's hands -- you can't negotiate.''
  Programs at the top level of college football may offer up to 85 football scholarships each year with the remainder of a 120-player roster filled by non-scholarship players, or walk-ons.
  Walk-ons can be indispensable to even the best programs. In practices, they mimic opposing players to help the starters prepare for the next game. They often lift the team grade-point average and sometimes compensate for recruiting mistakes when they blossom into contributors. The patron saint of walk-ons is Hunter Renfrow, who caught a last-second touchdown to win the national championship for Clemson in 2017.
  For walk-ons, a scholarship is not just a financial reward.
  It is a stamp of legitimacy earned through sweat and sacrifice in the weight room and on the practice field, and through their play on Saturdays. Scholarships are often conferred in front of teammates in elaborate presentations, which the schools happily promote on social media.
  'You're supposed to make every decision for the team.'
  Bazakas recalled the immense pride he felt when Wilcox informed him that he would be on scholarship last year. Bazakas grew up sitting in the stands at Memorial Stadium rooting for Cal. His late grandfather, a Cal graduate, was a season-ticket holder. His father, a financial officer at a tech company, and his mother, an educator, graduated from Cal. His affinity runs so deep that he rejected his mother's suggestion that he apply to Cal's archrival, Stanford.
  Though Bazakas -- who started playing football in high school -- drew interest from Ivy League schools and Weber State, he jumped at an offer from Sonny Dykes, then the coach at Cal, to join the Golden Bears as a walk-on.
  ''That was a dream come true,'' Bazakas said.
  Bazakas quickly realized how far he was from playing in a game. But he got stronger and improved his technique. By his third season, he had worked his way up to the 70-player travel squad. The next season was cut short by a torn knee ligament.
  Last year, after being awarded a scholarship, Bazakas was thrust into the conference opener because of a teammate's injury and helped the team drive the length of the field for a late field goal to beat Washington. He started three games and also played in a victory over Stanford that ended Cal's eight-game losing streak in the rivalry.
  ''It was my proudest moment,'' Bazakas said.
  Bazakas had hoped for more highlights this season. He wanted to compete for a starting position. But he is grateful for the experiences he has had.
  ''I didn't want it to end the way it did, but in the scale of 2020, most things aren't going the way people wanted them to go,'' Bazakas said.
  Bazakas opted out at a moment of great uncertainty for college football players. Some schools were requiring athletes to sign liability waivers upon returning to campus for summer workouts, and it was weeks before conferences like the Big Ten, the Pac-12 and the Southeastern Conferences said they would honor scholarships for athletes who opted out. The N.C.A.A. did not make it a blanket policy until August. (The standard scholarship agreement says that athletes can have their aid canceled if they withdraw from a team.)
  ''You're supposed to make every decision for the team and that's what you want, but at some point, you're an individual,'' Bazakas said. ''You're not really allowed to advocate for yourself. You don't realize you can until you're out of the system.''
  Around the time Bazakas opted out, two close friends on the team -- offensive linemen Valentino Daltoso and Jake Curhan -- were at the center of a movement by Pac-12 players that pushed for more rights for players, including say on health protocols and protections for athletes who chose to sit out a season.
  Andrew Cooper, who ran cross-country at Washington State and Cal and has been an organizer in the athletes' rights movement, said Bazakas's case was one of many that were discussed as hundreds of players around the country had group conversations over the summer through videoconferencing. (Daltoso and Curhan did not respond to interview requests.)
  ''Ninety-nine percent of college athletes stay silent about the injustices they experience,'' Cooper said. ''We're told, 'Just be grateful.''' He added: ''When it comes down to it, no one is there to protect us, because athletic departments' financial interests do not align with athletes' interests.''
  The pandemic upended the best chance for walk-ons to earn their scholarships anew.
  Bazakas was among six walk-ons who received scholarships last season and were eligible to return in 2020. Wilcox made it clear that the aid was for one year and that subsequent years could be awarded if Cal had scholarships available.
  Two of those players were certain to have their scholarships renewed because of their strong play. Shortly after last season ended, the four others were called into Wilcox's office, one by one, and left with a similar impression: that their aid was very much uncertain for the next season. Some of their spots, for example, could be taken by transfers who would fill more urgent needs.
  The former walk-ons viewed spring practices as their best chance to prove to the coaches they deserved to have their scholarships renewed. But after four sessions, football was shut down because of the virus.
  ''Everything was up in the air,'' Siemieniec said.
  The three other players besides Bazakas entered the transfer portal to seek scholarship offers elsewhere. Two transferred, and one, tight end Collin Moore, had his scholarship renewed.
  Bazakas, though, was already deep into a master's program for information and data science, so leaving did not make sense.
  But by June, as teams planned for summer workouts, Bazakas began to question whether returning to campus was a good idea.
  Bazakas, who stands 6-foot-6, weighed 330 pounds at the time, putting him in a high-risk category if he contracted the virus. His parents are in their 50s, so they could be vulnerable, too. He worried about catching the virus while working out with his teammates, then bringing it home or to people in his neighborhood.
  ''The thought of going back scared me a lot,'' said Bazakas, who had repeated conversations with his teammates, his girlfriend and his family over several months.
  Finally, on June 16, the day before Cal announced players could return to campus to prepare for voluntary workouts, Bazakas called Wilcox.
  ''He was pretty understanding,'' Bazakas said. ''He said the world is crazy and everyone has to make a choice. He asked, 'Is there a chance I can talk you out of this or have you made up your mind?' I told him I had made up my mind. He said, 'OK, I respect that.' It wasn't a long conversation.''
  Bazakas said his scholarship was not discussed.
  'Man, I'm going to have to explain this to my parents.'
  When he called his coach, Bazakas did not know about the key date of July 1, when the N.C.A.A. requires schools to notify athletes of any roster reduction for the next academic year. The date was not mentioned in the financial aid agreement that Bazakas signed for 2019-20. Benenson, the athletic department spokesman, acknowledged that Bazakas had not been notified of Cal's deadline, but he said Wilcox had told the player not to expect a renewal.
  As for summer aid, each school makes its own decisions. This summer Cal tightened its financial belt. The athletic department, which was facing a $55 million deficit if there were no fall sports, largely restricted athletes to one summer class because of virus-related budget constraints, Benenson said.
  Bazakas appeared to be an exception. He received a text on May 18 from Joel Derechinsky, the team's academic coordinator, who asked if Bazakas needed to take all three classes he had registered for during the summer semester.
  Bazakas, who earned his bachelor's degree in business administration, replied that he wanted to leave his final two classes for the fall semester during the season. Derechinsky said that would be OK. (Derechinsky declined to be interviewed.)
  A month later, Bazakas received notice that he would no longer be on scholarship. One night as he considered whether to appeal, Bazakas checked his student account portal before he went to bed.
  He blinked.
  It carried two new charges on July 1: $23,506 for summer fees and $631 for the summer stipend. ''I was pretty shook,'' Bazakas said. ''I thought, 'Man, I'm going to have to explain this to my parents.'''
  As September approached, Bazakas filed the final paperwork in his appeal with the help of several family friends, including a lawyer.
  The athletic department countered Bazakas's plea for restoring his summer aid by offering part of it back. Larson, in a Sept. 3 letter to the appeals committee, wrote: ''Although we are not required to do so by NCAA rules, we have decided to provide summer aid to cover tuition and fees for one of Mr. Bazakas' courses.''
  The three-person committee sided with Bazakas. It said the athletic department failed to provide a hearing before his aid was revoked, which is required by N.C.A.A. rules.
  But Bob Jacobsen, an undergraduate dean who was on the committee, said Bazakas's summer aid was restored because Cal's policy does not allow aid to be revoked during a term. When asked why that was not written in the ruling, he said: ''This is not a Supreme Court decision where we have to cite it. If the document doesn't make sense as a public relations document, so be it.'' He added: ''We didn't expect anybody would be reading it.''
  Benenson said the athletic department learned more recently that its error occurred because Bazakas's courses were incorrectly classified as beginning in late July rather than in May.
  The case for a fall scholarship, Bazakas knew, was more difficult to make. He is spending $15,000 to take his last two classes and he will graduate in December.
  ''I understand the business of football -- if you don't need a lineman as bad as you need a receiver and you take it away,'' Bazakas said of the scholarship. ''But I never got an answer; I never heard a yes or no. When I talked to Coach Wilcox the last time, I said if I hadn't stepped away, would I have still gotten my aid? He didn't answer.''
  He added: ''That's the biggest what-if. If I hadn't opted out, what would have happened?''
  Bazakas -- who signed off on his appeal letters with ''Go Bears!'' -- said his experience had not soured him on Cal. He has followed the myriad twists his old teammates have endured -- in August the Pac-12 postponed football, only to later decide to play after all, albeit with a truncated schedule. Practices have been interrupted and schedules upended. He feels for his teammates.
  Last weekend Bazakas -- 50 pounds lighter, having shed some of his football girth -- sat in front of the TV and did what he had always done. He rooted for the Bears to win.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/20/sports/ncaafootball/cal-walk-on-scholarship.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS: Henry Bazakas started out on the Cal football team as a walk-on and then got a scholarship. He chose not to play this season because of the pandemic. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 Bazakas playing at Mississippi in 2019, one of three games he started last year. He said playing in Cal's win over Stanford was ''his proudest moment.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY JONATHAN BACHMAN/GETTY IMAGES)               

Load-Date: November 21, 2020


End of Document




How Democracy Can Survive Big Data
The New York Times
March 25, 2018 Sunday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2018 The New York Times Company
Section: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; Pg. 2; THE STONE
Length: 1305 words
Byline: By COLIN KOOPMAN
Colin Koopman is an associate professor of philosophy and director of new media and culture at the University of Oregon.
Body


Only a few years ago, the idea that for-profit companies and foreign agents could use powerful data technologies to disrupt American democracy would have seemed laughable to most, a plotline from a Cold War espionage movie. And the idea that the American system would be compromised enough to allow outside meddling with the most basic of its democratic functions -- the election of its leaders -- would have seemed even more absurd.
Today we know that this is not fiction but fact. It is a secret so open that even its perpetrators seem halfhearted about hiding it. 
  ''Data drives all that we do.'' That is the motto emblazoned on the website of Cambridge Analytica, the consulting firm that was employed by the Trump campaign to influence voters and that is now under scrutiny for its unauthorized harvesting of data from at least 50 million social media users.
  The heart of Cambridge Analytica's power is an enormous information warehouse -- as many as 5,000 data points on each of more than 230 million Americans, according to recent reporting, a fact the company proudly confirms on its website. Its promise of elections driven by data ultimately implies a vision of government steered not by people but by algorithms, and by an expanding data-mining culture operating without restrictions.
  That such threats to democracy are now possible is due in part to the fact that our society lacks an information ethics adequate to its deepening dependence on data. Where politics is driven by data, we need a set of ethics to guide that data. But in our rush to deliver on the promises of Big Data, we have not sought one.
  An adequate ethics of data for today would include not only regulatory policy and statutory law governing matters like personal data privacy and implicit bias in algorithms. It would also establish cultural expectations, fortified by extensive education in high schools and colleges, requiring us to think about data technologies as we build them, not after they have already profiled, categorized and otherwise informationalized millions of people. Students who will later turn their talents to the great challenges of data science would also be trained to consider the ethical design and use of the technologies they will someday unleash.
  Clearly, we are not there. High schoolers today may aspire to be the next Mark Zuckerberg, but how many dream of designing ethical data technologies? Who would their role models even be? Executives at Facebook, Twitter and Amazon are among our celebrities today. But how many data ethics advocates can the typical social media user name?
  Our approach to the ethics of data is wholly reactive. Investigations are conducted and apologies are extracted only after damage has been done (and only in some instances). Mr. Zuckerberg seemed to take a positive step on Wednesday, when he vowed to take action to better protect Facebook's user data. ''We also made mistakes, there's more to do, and we need to step up and do it,'' he said in, unsurprisingly, a Facebook post.
  This is like lashing a rope around the cracking foundation of a building. What we need is for an ethics of data to be engineered right into the information skyscrapers being built today. We need data ethics by design. Any good building must comply with a complex array of codes, standards and detailed studies of patterns of use by its eventual inhabitants. But technical systems are today being built with a minimal concern for compliance and a total disregard for the downstream consequences of decades of identifiable data being collected on the babies being born into the most complicated information ecology that has ever existed.
  Mr. Zuckerberg and other Silicon Valley chiefs admitted in the wake of the election that their platforms needed fixing to help mitigate the bad actors who had exploited social media for political gain. It is not Mr. Zuckerberg's fault that our society has given him a free pass (and a net worth of $67 billion) for inventing his platform first and asking only later what its social consequences might be. It is all of our faults. Thus, however successful Mr. Zuckerberg will be in making amends, he will assuredly do almost nothing to prevent the next wunderkind from coming along and building the next killer app that will unleash who knows what before anybody even has a chance to notice.
  The challenge of designing ethics into data technologies is formidable. This is in part because it requires overcoming a century-long ethos of data science: Develop first, question later. Datafication first, regulation afterward. A glimpse at the history of data science shows as much.
  The techniques that Cambridge Analytica uses to produce its psychometric profiles are the cutting edge of data-driven methodologies first devised 100 years ago. The science of personality research was born in 1917. That year, in the midst of America's fevered entry into war, Robert Sessions Woodworth of Columbia University created the Personal Data Sheet, a questionnaire that promised to assess the personalities of Army recruits. The war ended before Woodworth's psychological instrument was ready for deployment, but the Army had envisioned its use according to the precedent set by the intelligence tests it had been administering to new recruits under the direction of Robert Yerkes, a professor of psychology at Harvard at the time. The data these tests could produce would help decide who should go to the fronts, who was fit to lead and who should stay well behind the lines.
  The stakes of those wartime decisions were particularly stark, but the aftermath of those psychometric instruments is even more unsettling. As the century progressed, such tests -- I.Q. tests, college placement exams, predictive behavioral assessments -- would affect the lives of millions of Americans. Schoolchildren who may have once or twice acted out in such a way as to prompt a psychometric evaluation could find themselves labeled, setting them on an inescapable track through the education system.
  Researchers like Woodworth and Yerkes (or their Stanford colleague Lewis Terman, who formalized the first SAT) did not anticipate the deep consequences of their work; they were too busy pursuing the great intellectual challenges of their day, much like Mr. Zuckerberg in his pursuit of the next great social media platform. Or like Cambridge Analytica's Christopher Wylie, the twentysomething data scientist who helped build psychometric profiles of two-thirds of all Americans by leveraging personal information gained through uninformed consent. All of these researchers were, quite understandably, obsessed with the great data science challenges of their generation. Their failure to consider the consequences of their pursuits, however, is not so much their fault as it is our collective failing.
  For the past 100 years we have been chasing visions of data with a singular passion. Many of the best minds of each new generation have devoted themselves to delivering on the inspired data science promises of their day: intelligence testing, building the computer, cracking the genetic code, creating the internet, and now this. We have in the course of a single century built an entire society, economy and culture that runs on information. Yet we have hardly begun to engineer data ethics appropriate for our extraordinary information carnival. If we do not do so soon, data will drive democracy, and we may well lose our chance to do anything about it.
  Now in print: ''Modern Ethics in 77 Arguments,'' and ''The Stone Reader: Modern Philosophy in 133 Arguments,'' with essays from the series, edited by Peter Catapano and Simon Critchley, published by Liveright Books.
  Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/22/opinion/democracy-survive-data.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY FLASHPOP/DIGITALVISION, VIA GETTY IMAGES) DRAWING (DRAWING BY YOSHI SODEOKA)       

Load-Date: March 25, 2018


End of Document




How Democracy Can Survive Big Data; The Stone
The New York Times 
March 22, 2018 Thursday 19:21 EST


Copyright 2018 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: OPINION
Length: 1286 words
Byline: Colin Koopman
Highlight: We can blame Facebook and Cambridge Analytica for the damage they’ve done, but the responsibility lies with all of us.


Body


Only a few years ago, the idea that for-profit companies and foreign agents could use powerful data technologies to disrupt American democracy would have seemed laughable to most, a plotline from a Cold War espionage movie. And the idea that the American system would be compromised enough to allow outside meddling with the most basic of its democratic functions — the election of its leaders — would have seemed even more absurd.
Today we know that this is not fiction but fact. It is a secret so open that even its perpetrators seem halfhearted about hiding it.
“Data drives all that we do.” That is the motto emblazoned on the website of Cambridge Analytica, the consulting firm that was employed by the Trump campaign to influence voters and that is now under scrutiny for its unauthorized harvesting of data from at least 50 million social media users.
The heart of Cambridge Analytica’s power is an enormous information warehouse — as many as 5,000 data points on each of more than 230 million Americans, according to recent reporting, a fact the company proudly            confirms on its website. Its promise of elections driven by data ultimately implies a vision of government steered not by people but by algorithms, and by an expanding data-mining culture operating without restrictions.
That such threats to democracy are now possible is due in part to the fact that our society lacks an information ethics adequate to its deepening dependence on data. Where politics is driven by data, we need a set of ethics to guide that data. But in our rush to deliver on the promises of Big Data, we have not sought one.
An adequate ethics of data for today would include not only regulatory policy and statutory law governing matters like personal data privacy and            implicit bias in algorithms. It would also establish cultural expectations, fortified by extensive education in high schools and colleges, requiring us to think about data technologies as we build them, not after they have already profiled, categorized and otherwise informationalized millions of people. Students who will later turn their talents to the great challenges of data science would also be trained to consider the ethical design and use of the technologies they will someday unleash.
Clearly, we are not there. High schoolers today may aspire to be the next Mark Zuckerberg, but how many dream of designing ethical data technologies? Who would their role models even be? Executives at Facebook, Twitter and Amazon are among our celebrities today. But how many data ethics advocates can the typical social media user name?
Our approach to the ethics of data is wholly reactive. Investigations are conducted and apologies are extracted only after damage has been done (and only in some instances). Mr. Zuckerberg seemed to take a positive step on Wednesday, when he vowed to take action to better protect Facebook’s user data. “We also made mistakes, there’s more to do, and we need to step up and do it,” he said in, unsurprisingly, a Facebook post.
This is like lashing a rope around the cracking foundation of a building. What we need is for an ethics of data to be engineered right into the information skyscrapers being built today. We need data ethics by design. Any good building must comply with a complex array of codes, standards and detailed studies of patterns of use by its eventual inhabitants. But technical systems are today being built with a minimal concern for compliance and a total disregard for the downstream consequences of decades of identifiable data being collected on the babies being born into the most complicated information ecology that has ever existed.
Mr. Zuckerberg and other Silicon Valley chiefs admitted in the wake of the election that their platforms needed fixing to help mitigate the bad actors who had exploited social media for political gain. It is not Mr. Zuckerberg’s fault that our society has given him a free pass (and a net worth of $67 billion) for inventing his platform first and asking only later what its social consequences might be. It is all of our faults. Thus, however successful Mr. Zuckerberg will be in making amends, he will assuredly do almost nothing to prevent the next wunderkind from coming along and building the next killer app that will unleash who knows what before anybody even has a chance to notice.
The challenge of designing ethics into data technologies is formidable. This is in part because it requires overcoming a century-long ethos of data science: Develop first, question later. Datafication first, regulation afterward. A glimpse at the history of data science shows as much.
The techniques that Cambridge Analytica uses to produce its psychometric profiles are the cutting edge of data-driven methodologies first devised 100 years ago. The science of personality research was born in 1917. That year, in the midst of America’s fevered entry into war, Robert Sessions Woodworth of Columbia University created the Personal Data Sheet, a questionnaire that promised to assess the personalities of Army recruits. The war ended before Woodworth’s psychological instrument was ready for deployment, but the Army had envisioned its use according to the precedent set by the intelligence tests it had been administering to new recruits under the direction of Robert Yerkes, a professor of psychology at Harvard at the time. The data these tests could produce would help decide who should go to the fronts, who was fit to lead and who should stay well behind the lines.
The stakes of those wartime decisions were particularly stark, but the aftermath of those psychometric instruments is even more unsettling. As the century progressed, such tests — I.Q. tests, college placement exams, predictive behavioral assessments — would affect the lives of millions of Americans. Schoolchildren who may have once or twice acted out in such a way as to prompt a psychometric evaluation could find themselves labeled, setting them on an inescapable track through the education system.
Researchers like Woodworth and Yerkes (or their Stanford colleague Lewis Terman, who formalized the first SAT) did not anticipate the deep consequences of their work; they were too busy pursuing the great intellectual challenges of their day, much like Mr. Zuckerberg in his pursuit of the next great social media platform. Or like Cambridge Analytica’s Christopher Wylie, the twentysomething data scientist who helped build psychometric profiles of two-thirds of all Americans by leveraging personal information gained through uninformed consent. All of these researchers were, quite understandably, obsessed with the great data science challenges of their generation. Their failure to consider the consequences of their pursuits, however, is not so much their fault as it is our collective failing.
For the past 100 years we have been chasing visions of data with a singular passion. Many of the best minds of each new generation have devoted themselves to delivering on the inspired data science promises of their day: intelligence testing, building the computer, cracking the genetic code, creating the internet, and now this. We have in the course of a single century built an entire society, economy and culture that runs on information. Yet we have hardly begun to engineer data ethics appropriate for our extraordinary information carnival. If we do not do so soon, data will drive democracy, and we may well lose our chance to do anything about it.
Colin Koopman is an associate professor of philosophy and director of new media and culture at the University of Oregon. 
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Illustration by Yoshi Sodeoka; Photographs by Flashpop/Digitalvision, via Getty Images FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: March 25, 2018


End of Document




On Campus, Computer Science Departments Find a Blind Spot: Ethics
The New York Times
February 13, 2018 Tuesday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2018 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4
Length: 1174 words
Byline: By NATASHA SINGER
Body


PALO ALTO, Calif. -- The medical profession has an ethic: First, do no harm.
Silicon Valley has an ethos: Build it first and ask for forgiveness later. 
  Now, in the wake of fake news and other troubles at tech companies, universities that helped produce some of Silicon Valley's top technologists are hustling to bring a more medicine-like morality to computer science.
  This semester, Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are jointly offering a new course on the ethics and regulation of artificial intelligence. The University of Texas at Austin just introduced a course titled ''Ethical Foundations of Computer Science'' -- with the idea of eventually requiring it for all computer science majors.
  And at Stanford University, the academic heart of the industry, three professors and a research fellow are developing a computer science ethics course for next year. They hope several hundred students will enroll.
  The idea is to train the next generation of technologists and policymakers to consider the ramifications of innovations -- like autonomous weapons or self-driving cars -- before those products go on sale.
  ''It's about finding or identifying issues that we know in the next two, three, five, 10 years, the students who graduate from here are going to have to grapple with,'' said Mehran Sahami, a popular computer science professor at Stanford who is helping to develop the course. He is renowned on campus for bringing Mark Zuckerberg to class.
  ''Technology is not neutral,'' said Professor Sahami, who formerly worked at Google as a senior research scientist. ''The choices that get made in building technology then have social ramifications.''
  The courses are emerging at a moment when big tech companies have been struggling to handle the side effects -- fake news on Facebook, fake followers on Twitter, lewd children's videos on YouTube -- of the industry's build-it-first mind-set. They amount to an open challenge to a common Silicon Valley attitude that has generally dismissed ethics as a hindrance.
  ''We need to at least teach people that there's a dark side to the idea that you should move fast and break things,'' said Laura Norén, a postdoctoral fellow at the Center for Data Science at New York University who began teaching a new data science ethics course this semester. ''You can patch the software, but you can't patch a person if you, you know, damage someone's reputation.''
  Computer science programs are required to make sure students have an understanding of ethical issues related to computing in order to be accredited by ABET, a global accreditation group for university science and engineering programs. Some computer science departments have folded the topic into a broader class, and others have stand-alone courses.
  But until recently, ethics did not seem relevant to many students.
  ''Compared to transportation or doctors, your daily interaction with physical harm or death or pain is a lot less if you are writing software for apps,'' said Joi Ito, director of the M.I.T. Media Lab.
  One reason that universities are pushing tech ethics now is the popularization of powerful tools like machine learning -- computer algorithms that can autonomously learn tasks by analyzing large amounts of data. Because such tools could ultimately alter human society, universities are rushing to help students understand the potential consequences, said Mr. Ito, who is co-teaching the Harvard-M.I.T. ethics course.
  ''As we start to see things, like autonomous vehicles, that clearly have the ability to save people but also cause harm, I think that people are scrambling to build a system of ethics,'' he said. (Mr. Ito is a director of The New York Times Company.)
  Last fall, Cornell University introduced a data science course where students learned to deal with ethical challenges -- such as biased data sets that include too few lower-income households to be representative of the general population. Students also debated the use of algorithms to help automate life-changing decisions like hiring or college admissions.
  ''It was really focused on trying to help them understand what in their everyday practice as a data scientist they are likely to confront, and to help them think through those challenges more systematically,'' said Solon Barocas, an assistant professor in information science who taught the course.
  In another Cornell course, Karen Levy, also an assistant professor in information science, is teaching her students to focus more on the ethics of tech companies.
  ''A lot of ethically charged decision-making has to do with the choices a company makes: what products they choose to develop, what policies they adopt around user data,'' Professor Levy said. ''If data science ethics training focuses entirely on the individual responsibility of the data scientist, it risks overlooking the role of the broader enterprise.''
  The Harvard-M.I.T. course, which has 30 students, focuses on the ethical, policy and legal implications of artificial intelligence. It was spurred and financed in part by a new artificial intelligence ethics research fund whose donors include Reid Hoffman, a co-founder of LinkedIn, and the Omidyar Network, the philanthropic investment firm of Pierre Omidyar, the eBay founder.
  The curriculum also covers the spread of algorithmic risk scores that use data -- like whether a person was ever suspended from school, or how many of his or her friends have arrest records -- to forecast whether someone is likely to commit a crime. Mr. Ito said he hoped the course would spur students to ask basic ethical questions like: Is the technology fair? How do you make sure that the data is not biased? Should machines be judging humans?
  Some universities offer such programs in their information science, law or philosophy departments. At Stanford, the computer science department will offer the new ethics course, tentatively titled ''Ethics, Public Policy and Computer Science.''
  The expectations for the course are running high in part because of Professor Sahami's popularity on campus. About 1,500 students take his introductory computer science course every year.
  The new ethics course covers topics like artificial intelligence and autonomous machines; privacy and civil rights; and platforms like Facebook. Rob Reich, a Stanford political science professor who is helping to develop the course, said students would be asked to consider those topics from the point of view of software engineers, product designers and policymakers. Students will also be assigned to translate ideal solutions into computer code.
  ''Stanford absolutely has a responsibility to play a leadership role in integrating these perspectives, but so does Carnegie Mellon and Caltech and Berkeley and M.I.T.,'' said Jeremy Weinstein, a Stanford political science professor and co-developer of the ethics course. ''The set of institutions that are generating the next generation of leaders in the technology sector have all got to get on this train.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/12/business/computer-science-ethics-courses.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS: From left at top, Jeremy Weinstein, Hilary Cohen, Mehran Sahami and Rob Reich of Stanford are developing a computer science ethics course for next year. Laura Norén, above, teaches a course on ethics in data science at New York University. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHRISTIE HEMM KLOK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
 SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)       

Load-Date: February 13, 2018


End of Document




Tech’s Ethical ‘Dark Side’: Harvard, Stanford and Others Want to Address It
The New York Times 
February 12, 2018 Monday 16:09 EST


Copyright 2018 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: BUSINESS
Length: 1256 words
Byline: NATASHA SINGER
Highlight: Schools that helped produce some of Silicon Valley’s most prominent leaders are hustling to bring a more medicine-like morality to computer science.


Body


PALO ALTO, Calif. — The medical profession has an ethic: First, do no harm.
Silicon Valley has an ethos: Build it first and ask for forgiveness later.
Now, in the wake of fake news and other troubles at tech companies, universities that helped produce some of Silicon Valley’s top technologists are hustling to bring a more medicine-like morality to computer science.
This semester, Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are jointly offering a new course on the ethics and regulation of artificial intelligence. The University of Texas at Austin just introduced a course titled “           Ethical Foundations of Computer Science” — with the idea of eventually requiring it for all computer science majors.
And at Stanford University, the academic heart of the industry, three professors and a research fellow are developing a computer science ethics course for next year. They hope several hundred students will enroll.
The idea is to train the next generation of technologists and policymakers to consider the ramifications of innovations — like autonomous weapons or self-driving cars — before those products go on sale.
“It’s about finding or identifying issues that we know in the next two, three, five, 10 years, the students who graduate from here are going to have to grapple with,” said Mehran Sahami, a popular computer science professor at Stanford who is helping to develop the course. He is renowned on campus for            bringing Mark Zuckerberg to class.
“Technology is not neutral,” said Professor Sahami, who formerly worked at Google as a senior research scientist. “The choices that get made in building technology then have social ramifications.”
The courses are emerging at a moment when big tech companies have been struggling to handle the side effects — fake news on Facebook,            fake followers on Twitter, lewd            children’s videos on YouTube — of the industry’s build-it-first mind-set. They amount to an open challenge to a common Silicon Valley attitude that has generally dismissed ethics as a hindrance.
“We need to at least teach people that there’s a dark side to the idea that you should move fast and break things,” said Laura Norén, a postdoctoral fellow at the Center for Data Science at New York University who began teaching a new data science ethics course this semester. “You can patch the software, but you can’t patch a person if you, you know, damage someone’s reputation.”
Computer science programs are required to make sure students have an understanding of ethical issues related to computing in order to be accredited           by ABET, a global accreditation group for university science and engineering programs. Some computer science departments have folded the topic into a broader class, and others have stand-alone courses.
But until recently, ethics did not seem relevant to many students.
“Compared to transportation or doctors, your daily interaction with physical harm or death or pain is a lot less if you are writing software for apps,” said Joi Ito, director of the M.I.T. Media Lab.
One reason that universities are pushing tech ethics now is the popularization of powerful tools like machine learning — computer algorithms that can autonomously learn tasks by analyzing large amounts of data. Because such tools could ultimately alter human society, universities are rushing to help students understand the potential consequences, said Mr. Ito, who is co-teaching the Harvard-M.I.T. ethics course.
“As we start to see things, like autonomous vehicles, that clearly have the ability to save people but also cause harm, I think that people are scrambling to build a system of ethics,” he said. (Mr. Ito is a director of The New York Times Company.)
Last fall, Cornell University introduced a data science course where students learned to deal with ethical challenges — such as biased data sets that include too few lower-income households to be representative of the general population. Students also debated the use of algorithms to help automate life-changing decisions like hiring or college admissions.
“It was really focused on trying to help them understand what in their everyday practice as a data scientist they are likely to confront, and to help them think through those challenges more systematically,” said Solon Barocas, an assistant professor in information science who taught the course.
In another Cornell course, Karen Levy, also an assistant professor in information science, is teaching her students to focus more on the ethics of tech companies.
“A lot of ethically charged decision-making has to do with the choices a company makes: what products they choose to develop, what policies they adopt around user data,” Professor Levy said. “If data science ethics training focuses entirely on the individual responsibility of the data scientist, it risks overlooking the role of the broader enterprise.”
The Harvard-M.I.T. course, which has 30 students, focuses on the ethical, policy and legal implications of artificial intelligence. It was spurred and financed in part by a new artificial intelligence ethics research fund whose donors include Reid Hoffman, a co-founder of LinkedIn, and the Omidyar Network, the philanthropic investment firm of Pierre Omidyar, the eBay founder.
The curriculum also covers the spread of algorithmic risk scores that use data — like whether a person was ever suspended from school, or how many of his or her friends have arrest records — to forecast whether someone is likely to commit a crime. Mr. Ito said he hoped the course would spur students to ask basic ethical questions like: Is the technology fair? How do you make sure that the data is not biased? Should machines be judging humans?
Some universities offer such programs in their information science, law or philosophy departments. At Stanford, the computer science department will offer the new ethics course, tentatively titled “Ethics, Public Policy and Computer Science.”
The expectations for the course are running high in part because of Professor Sahami’s popularity on campus. About 1,500 students take his introductory computer science course every year.
The new ethics course covers topics like artificial intelligence and autonomous machines; privacy and civil rights; and platforms like Facebook. Rob Reich, a Stanford political science professor who is helping to develop the course, said students would be asked to consider those topics from the point of view of software engineers, product designers and policymakers. Students will also be assigned to translate ideal solutions into computer code.
“Stanford absolutely has a responsibility to play a leadership role in integrating these perspectives, but so does Carnegie Mellon and Caltech and Berkeley and M.I.T.,” said Jeremy Weinstein, a Stanford political science professor and co-developer of the ethics course. “The set of institutions that are generating the next generation of leaders in the technology sector have all got to get on this train.”
PHOTOS: From left at top, Jeremy Weinstein, Hilary Cohen, Mehran Sahami and Rob Reich of Stanford are developing a computer science ethics course for next year. Laura Norén, above, teaches a course on ethics in data science at New York University. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHRISTIE HEMM KLOK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES; SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Related Articles
• Should Your Driverless Car Hit a Pedestrian to Save Your Life?
• How Tech Giants Are Devising Real Ethics for Artificial Intelligence
• Facebook’s Bias Is Built-In, and Bears Watching
• Can’t Put Down Your Device? That’s by Design

Load-Date: February 20, 2018


End of Document




Football Gets a Dose of High School Math
The New York Times
November 5, 2020 Thursday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 6
Length: 2288 words
Byline: By Ben Shpigel
Body


George Mahoney is an efficiency expert by trade and by nature. He's also among the analytics-minded coaches trying to bring data to one of the last holdouts in American sports -- high school football.
MIDDLETOWN, N.J. -- The Mater Dei Prep Seraphs faced fourth-and-6 from the Middletown South 40-yard line in a scoreless October game with about four minutes left in the first quarter. Their coach, Dino Mangiero, encountered a pretty standard decision: Go for it or punt? 
  His headset crackled.
  The voice on the other end belonged to a Columbia University graduate perched atop the school's tiny press box: George Mahoney, who doesn't have an official title on Mater Dei's staff or attend every practice, but who, in many ways, represents the early glimmers of what could be the future of high school football. A chemical engineer with 19 years of coaching experience and an affinity for innovative thinking, Mahoney serves as the analytics arm of Mater Dei's football operation.
  That very term, ''analytics'' -- which refers to the use of data analysis to inform decision-making -- has polarized big-money sports, pitting adherents against traditionalists in a zero-sum feud. A recent, prominent example of advanced metrics' sway over game decisions, when Tampa Bay Rays Manager Kevin Cash pulled his starting pitcher, Blake Snell, in Game 6 of the World Series last month, renewed the longstanding debate.
  The hidebound sport of football has been slower than most to accept the findings of the data army, with longtime coaches and executives generally distrustful of those who didn't play at a high level. But that is changing. In N.F.L. and college programs, some more than others, the growing influence of data science has reshaped everything from roster construction to asset management, elements of football dogma that might have seemed untouchable even five years ago.
  Still, one area remains off-limits to analytics: N.C.A.A. and pro teams are prohibited from using computers to guide in-game tactics and must depend on static reports to make strategy calls. A small number of high schools, though, like Mater Dei, can, and do, use decision-making aids in real time.
  On that afternoon last month, Mahoney, 42, on his tablet computer, consulted prescriptive analytical software called EdjVarsity, a new tool in his arsenal. It simulates hundreds of thousands of games to determine which in-game decisions improve a team's likelihood of winning. He had spent more than a decade trying to penetrate high school football with statistical analysis, finding the culture of community and tradition nearly impermeable until he massaged his pitch. Now, he is testing the risk tolerance of a middle-class Catholic school that has reached the state championship in New Jersey in each of the past four years.
  Mahoney entered basic details of that first-quarter drive -- score, time, field position, down and distance -- and out came a bar graph at the bottom of his screen totaling the win probability to be gained by going for it on fourth down in one-yard increments: fourth-and-1, fourth-and-2 and so on.
  He relayed his recommendation to the coach, as he always does, balancing his radical approach with the stakes for Mater Dei's season. ''You don't want to be in the position where you're this analytics guy,'' Mahoney said, ''and you're blowing it for these guys that are legitimately calling X's and O's and working with these kids all year.''
  Tripping Over the Truth
  As an agent of change, Mahoney acts deliberately. He knows Mangiero has a threshold for aggressiveness, so he doesn't push him beyond his comfort level. Instead, Mahoney relies on data to make other coaches, as he puts it, trip over the truth -- and Mangiero trusts him.
  ''He could be anything,'' Mangiero said, referring to a job title. ''The assistant head coach for analytics? Whatever George wants.''
  They have known each other for more than 25 years, since Mangiero, 61, a former N.F.L. defensive lineman who is in his fifth season at Mater Dei, coached him at St. Joseph by-the-Sea High School on Staten Island. When he pondered in September adding someone to manage analytics, Mangiero didn't hesitate. He called Mahoney.
  For Mahoney, 5-foot-8 and a brawny 185 pounds, chasing efficiency is the through line connecting his personal and professional pursuits. It has been an obsession since childhood, when he would accompany his father, George, on calls to repair heating and air-conditioning units. Sitting in traffic, Mahoney would lament the time squandered that he could have been playing with friends.
  He walked onto the team at Columbia, where he obtained degrees in chemical engineering and mathematics, and then managed to manipulate his work schedule to allow him to coach.
  The first time he worked under Mangiero, in 2008, as the special-teams coach at Poly Prep in Brooklyn, Mahoney was frustrated. Not with his boss but with preparing for an opponent that, after it scored, would occasionally bypass kicking deep for an onside kick. The threat consumed him all week and then into the off-season, when he wondered whether data supported the risky play.
  Poring over statistics he had collected, Mahoney discovered that, yes, it made sense. But he also divined some unexpected special-teams trends. Namely, if 70 percent of punts were either fumbled or not caught at all, then what's the point in sending out a punt returner?
  ''I kept looking at the data and hoping I was wrong,'' he said.
  Mahoney considers this experience formative in his path to enlightenment. It fueled his interest in later projects, such as trying to quantify the correlation between offensive penalties and scoring drives. But his initial resistance also embodied the risk-averse culture so prevalent in football, where convention is doctrine. Especially in the high school realm, where a certain intimacy exists among town and team and sport.
  ''If a decision doesn't go well, you're going to hear it walking the school halls,'' said Adam Clack, the coach at Milton High School, north of Atlanta, one of the top Class 6A teams in Georgia. He is using EdjVarsity for a second consecutive season. ''You're going to hear it from the parents who have your phone number and aren't afraid to give you a call.''
  Mahoney was so curious about the challenge of securing community support in that climate that in 2016 he flew to Arkansas to visit another contrarian with a zeal for statistical analysis, Kevin Kelley, who felt like an outcast 17 years ago when he pioneered a no-punt philosophy that has propelled his Pulaski Academy team to eight state titles.
  ''People want to know why -- they really, really do -- and as long as you've got a great reason,'' Kelley said, ''they're willing to at least accept it.''
  When Mahoney was promoted to head coach at St. Peter's Boys High School, on Staten Island, in 2018, he reflected on that advice in his introductory speech to parents. Showing a video of two wildebeests standing backside to backside, Mahoney explained that if lions surrounded them, the wildebeests could swing around and protect each other. But if one strayed, the lions could eat them both.
  ''If you guys stick with us, we'll be OK,'' Mahoney said he told the parents. ''But the second one of you complains that we're not punting, or we onside kick, now you've exposed ourselves to the lions.''
  At St. Peter's, he shortened and streamlined practices to keep players and coaches fresh. By never punting, they could devote more time to offense and defense. He applied the Pareto principle, also known as the 80-20 rule: By focusing on the 20 percent of plays that the opposition ran 80 percent of the time, he eliminated unnecessary film study. Since players weren't running downfield to smash the wedge on kickoffs, their risk of injury was diminished -- not a single concussion, he said.
  To offset a disadvantage in talent, Mahoney felt St. Peter's had to play differently to compete, and indeed, games there doubled as a veritable advanced-stats carnival: The team used onside kicks, rarely deployed punt returners and went for it at counterintuitive times. Behaving in the extreme, he said, felt like the Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés, who attacked Native Mexicans in 1519 with a small force and, to ensure his troops wouldn't retreat, ordered them to burn the boats they came on. Assistants who didn't agree with Mahoney quit.
  St. Peter's was 5-8 under Mahoney, but the record bothered members of the community less than the image the team projected. Fans booed when the team recovered onside kicks. In citing reasons for Mahoney's dismissal, the principal, Michael Cosentino, mentioned analytics but also said the team wasn't as physical or conditioned as he wanted.
  ''It didn't seem like we were putting our kids in the right position to win football games,'' Cosentino said. ''Certain things looked good on paper but don't really translate sometimes to the game. When you're dealing with individuals, they're not just numbers, our kids.''
  Scaling back, Mahoney said, would have felt like a betrayal of his values. But getting fired in the middle of the season still crushed his ego. In the aftermath, he wrote a 12-page treatise assessing his tenure. He attended the Sloan Sports Analytics Conference at M.I.T. and corresponded with Daniel Stern, an analyst with the Baltimore Ravens, one of the more analytics-savvy organizations in the N.F.L.
  As time passed, Mahoney grew ever more confident in his philosophy. It was his presentation that needed refining.
  ''Most people in the world, they've never won an argument with statistics,'' Mahoney said. ''To change conventional wisdom, you usually need a good story.''
  And when Mangiero called, in early September, Mahoney had one.
  The New Guy With the Tablet
  In his first few weeks at Mater Dei, Mahoney felt like an outsider. He worked with the specialists, but mainly, he observed, trying to negotiate his place. He wasn't sure how the other assistants perceived someone, even with his football background, coming in to oversee analytics, and he found it difficult, at first, to form relationships or read their expressions beneath their masks.
  On a staff that skews younger, Mahoney's arrival was met with enthusiasm but also some skepticism -- mostly, Mangiero said, from older coaches. But Mahoney had an ally in Mangiero, who said he had been interested in fourth-down aggressiveness since 2009, when New England went for it on fourth-and-2 from its own 28 late in the fourth quarter against Indianapolis -- and failed. Intrigued, Mangiero peppered his former player Brian Flores, then a Patriots assistant (and now the Miami Dolphins' coach), about Coach Bill Belichick's tactics.
  And when the Ravens excelled last season on fourth down, Mangiero went to a game in Baltimore -- his friend Joe Cullen is an assistant there -- and discussed their methodology afterward with Coach John Harbaugh.
  From Mahoney, Mangiero had heard about EdjVarsity, and asked him to use it to research whether Mater Dei should adjust its punting strategy. Breaking down the Seraphs' 27-25 loss in last season's state championship, he told Mangiero a story. On a video chat, Mahoney showed him a presentation detailing how certain decisions affected win probability.
  ''This whole thing is connected,'' Mahoney told him. ''All this stuff is chapters of a book. Let's put the chapters together and write the whole book.''
  Impressed, Mangiero, the next day, authorized investing $1,500 to buy an EdjVarsity yearly subscription. To acclimate himself, Mahoney would play an old edition of the Madden video game on simulation mode, pausing after each play to enter the updated details of the game.
  Every week, as Mater Dei has tripped over the truth, Mahoney's responsibilities have expanded. He now manages the clock and advises on 2-point conversion strategy. He communicates the fourth-down plan, based on the tablet readouts, early in the series to guide how Mangiero and the offensive coordinator, Taylor Groh, call plays.
  If on third-and-7, for example, Groh knows that Mater Dei will be going for it on fourth-and-3 or less, he might call a play that could net 4 or 5 yards instead of trying to gain all 7 at once.
  During the week, after synthesizing customized postgame reports, Mahoney prepares a slide show presentation for the coaching staff. One was so illuminating, Mangiero said, he showed it to the team as part of a larger message about precision.
  By demonstrating that turnovers cost the Seraphs 15.5 percent in win probability in their previous game, he reframed the importance of ball security in more urgent terms. When someone jumps offsides in practice, Mangiero reinforced his point by saying the offender cost them a touchdown.
  Mahoney marvels at how quickly Mater Dei has incorporated analytics, and to its advantage: The Seraphs (4-1) have won four consecutive games heading into Friday's season finale and are positioned to earn a playoff berth.
  He wants to continue bridging the gap between science and 150 years of football. He wants to educate coaches without demanding they conform. He wants to research and experiment, build templates and confidence. He also wants to be a head coach again, and to train an acolyte or two.
  Until then, he will appreciate giving Mater Dei an edge, as he did against Middletown South.
  As the final seconds ticked down in the Seraphs' 10-3 victory, Mahoney bumped fists with the assistants flanking him. He grabbed his Columbia laptop bag -- ''I need to bring the nerd side of me to football games'' -- and his headset. One by one, they headed down the stairs, toward the field, to their team, to celebrate together.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/05/sports/football/high-school-football-analytics.html


Graphic

 
PHOTOS: Working from a booth overlooking the field, George Mahoney ran analytics on a tablet while speaking to other Mater Dei coaches on a headset during a game on Oct. 17.
 Above, Mahoney working with a kicker before the Oct. 17 game. Left, Mahoney watching the Seraphs, who have reached the state championship game in New Jersey in each of the past four years. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BRYAN ANSELM FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)               

Load-Date: November 5, 2020


End of Document




Friday Night Bytes: Can Analytics Revolutionize High School Football?
The New York Times 
November 5, 2020 Thursday 09:53 EST


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: SPORTS; football
Length: 2332 words
Byline: Ben Shpigel
Highlight: George Mahoney is an efficiency expert by trade and by nature. He’s also among the analytics-minded coaches trying to bring data to one of the last holdouts in American sports — high school football.


Body


George Mahoney is an efficiency expert by trade and by nature. He’s also among the analytics-minded coaches trying to bring data to one of the last holdouts in American sports — high school football.
MIDDLETOWN, N.J. — The Mater Dei Prep Seraphs faced fourth-and-6 from the Middletown South 40-yard line in a scoreless October game with about four minutes left in the first quarter. Their coach, Dino Mangiero, encountered a pretty standard decision: Go for it or punt?
His headset crackled.
The voice on the other end belonged to a Columbia University graduate perched atop the school’s tiny press box: George Mahoney, who doesn’t have an official title on Mater Dei’s staff or attend every practice, but who, in many ways, represents the early glimmers of what could be the future of high school football. A chemical engineer with 19 years of coaching experience and an affinity for innovative thinking, Mahoney serves as the analytics arm of Mater Dei’s football operation.
That very term, “analytics” — which refers to the use of data analysis to inform decision-making — has polarized big-money sports, pitting adherents against traditionalists in a zero-sum feud. A recent, prominent example of advanced metrics’ sway over game decisions, when Tampa Bay Rays Manager Kevin Cash pulled his starting pitcher, Blake Snell, in Game 6 of the World Series last month, renewed the longstanding debate.
The hidebound sport of football has been slower than most to accept the findings of the data army, with longtime coaches and executives generally distrustful of those who didn’t play at a high level. But that is changing. In N.F.L. and college programs, some more than others, the growing influence of data science has reshaped everything from roster construction to asset management, elements of football dogma that might have seemed untouchable even five years ago.
Still, one area remains off-limits to analytics: N.C.A.A. and pro teams are prohibited from using computers to guide in-game tactics and must depend on static reports to make strategy calls. A small number of high schools, though, like Mater Dei, can, and do, use decision-making aids in real time.
On that afternoon last month, Mahoney, 42, on his tablet computer, consulted prescriptive analytical software called EdjVarsity, a new tool in his arsenal. It simulates hundreds of thousands of games to determine which in-game decisions improve a team’s likelihood of winning. He had spent more than a decade trying to penetrate high school football with statistical analysis, finding the culture of community and tradition nearly impermeable until he massaged his pitch. Now, he is testing the risk tolerance of a middle-class Catholic school that has reached the state championship in New Jersey in each of the past four years.
Mahoney entered basic details of that first-quarter drive — score, time, field position, down and distance — and out came a bar graph at the bottom of his screen totaling the win probability to be gained by going for it on fourth down in one-yard increments: fourth-and-1, fourth-and-2 and so on.
He relayed his recommendation to the coach, as he always does, balancing his radical approach with the stakes for Mater Dei’s season. “You don’t want to be in the position where you’re this analytics guy,” Mahoney said, “and you’re blowing it for these guys that are legitimately calling X’s and O’s and working with these kids all year.”
Tripping Over the Truth
As an agent of change, Mahoney acts deliberately. He knows Mangiero has a threshold for aggressiveness, so he doesn’t push him beyond his comfort level. Instead, Mahoney relies on data to make other coaches, as he puts it, trip over the truth — and Mangiero trusts him.
“He could be anything,” Mangiero said, referring to a job title. “The assistant head coach for analytics? Whatever George wants.”
They have known each other for more than 25 years, since Mangiero, 61, a former N.F.L. defensive lineman who is in his fifth season at Mater Dei, coached him at St. Joseph by-the-Sea High School on Staten Island. When he pondered in September adding someone to manage analytics, Mangiero didn’t hesitate. He called Mahoney.
For Mahoney, 5-foot-8 and a brawny 185 pounds, chasing efficiency is the through line connecting his personal and professional pursuits. It has been an obsession since childhood, when he would accompany his father, George, on calls to repair heating and air-conditioning units. Sitting in traffic, Mahoney would lament the time squandered that he could have been playing with friends.
He walked onto the team at Columbia, where he obtained degrees in chemical engineering and mathematics, and then managed to manipulate his work schedule to allow him to coach.
The first time he worked under Mangiero, in 2008, as the special-teams coach at Poly Prep in Brooklyn, Mahoney was frustrated. Not with his boss but with preparing for an opponent that, after it scored, would occasionally bypass kicking deep for an onside kick. The threat consumed him all week and then into the off-season, when he wondered whether data supported the risky play.
Poring over statistics he had collected, Mahoney discovered that, yes, it made sense. But he also divined some unexpected special-teams trends. Namely, if 70 percent of punts were either fumbled or not caught at all, then what’s the point in sending out a punt returner?
“I kept looking at the data and hoping I was wrong,” he said.
Mahoney considers this experience formative in his path to enlightenment. It fueled his interest in later projects, such as trying to quantify the correlation between offensive penalties and scoring drives. But his initial resistance also embodied the risk-averse culture so prevalent in football, where convention is doctrine. Especially in the high school realm, where a certain intimacy exists among town and team and sport.
“If a decision doesn’t go well, you’re going to hear it walking the school halls,” said Adam Clack, the coach at Milton High School, north of Atlanta, one of the top Class 6A teams in Georgia. He is using EdjVarsity for a second consecutive season. “You’re going to hear it from the parents who have your phone number and aren’t afraid to give you a call.”
Mahoney was so curious about the challenge of securing community support in that climate that in 2016 he flew to Arkansas to visit another contrarian with a zeal for statistical analysis, Kevin Kelley, who felt like an outcast 17 years ago when he pioneered a no-punt philosophy that has propelled his Pulaski Academy team to eight state titles.
“People want to know why — they really, really do — and as long as you’ve got a great reason,” Kelley said, “they’re willing to at least accept it.”
When Mahoney was promoted to head coach at St. Peter’s Boys High School, on Staten Island, in 2018, he reflected on that advice in his introductory speech to parents. Showing a video of two wildebeests standing backside to backside, Mahoney explained that if lions surrounded them, the wildebeests could swing around and protect each other. But if one strayed, the lions could eat them both.
“If you guys stick with us, we’ll be OK,” Mahoney said he told the parents. “But the second one of you complains that we’re not punting, or we onside kick, now you’ve exposed ourselves to the lions.”
At St. Peter’s, he shortened and streamlined practices to keep players and coaches fresh. By never punting, they could devote more time to offense and defense. He applied the Pareto principle, also known as the 80-20 rule: By focusing on the 20 percent of plays that the opposition ran 80 percent of the time, he eliminated unnecessary film study. Since players weren’t running downfield to smash the wedge on kickoffs, their risk of injury was diminished — not a single concussion, he said.
To offset a disadvantage in talent, Mahoney felt St. Peter’s had to play differently to compete, and indeed, games there doubled as a veritable advanced-stats carnival: The team used onside kicks, rarely deployed punt returners and went for it at counterintuitive times. Behaving in the extreme, he said, felt like the Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés, who attacked Native Mexicans in 1519 with a small force and, to ensure his troops wouldn’t retreat, ordered them to burn the boats they came on. Assistants who didn’t agree with Mahoney quit.
St. Peter’s was 5-8 under Mahoney, but the record bothered members of the community less than the image the team projected. Fans booed when the team recovered onside kicks. In citing reasons for Mahoney’s dismissal, the principal, Michael Cosentino, mentioned analytics but also said the team wasn’t as physical or conditioned as he wanted.
“It didn’t seem like we were putting our kids in the right position to win football games,” Cosentino said. “Certain things looked good on paper but don’t really translate sometimes to the game. When you’re dealing with individuals, they’re not just numbers, our kids.”
Scaling back, Mahoney said, would have felt like a betrayal of his values. But getting fired in the middle of the season still crushed his ego. In the aftermath, he wrote a 12-page treatise assessing his tenure. He attended the Sloan Sports Analytics Conference at M.I.T. and corresponded with Daniel Stern, an analyst with the Baltimore Ravens, one of the more analytics-savvy organizations in the N.F.L.
As time passed, Mahoney grew ever more confident in his philosophy. It was his presentation that needed refining.
“Most people in the world, they’ve never won an argument with statistics,” Mahoney said. “To change conventional wisdom, you usually need a good story.”
And when Mangiero called, in early September, Mahoney had one.
The New Guy With the Tablet
In his first few weeks at Mater Dei, Mahoney felt like an outsider. He worked with the specialists, but mainly, he observed, trying to negotiate his place. He wasn’t sure how the other assistants perceived someone, even with his football background, coming in to oversee analytics, and he found it difficult, at first, to form relationships or read their expressions beneath their masks.
On a staff that skews younger, Mahoney’s arrival was met with enthusiasm but also some skepticism — mostly, Mangiero said, from older coaches. But Mahoney had an ally in Mangiero, who said he had been interested in fourth-down aggressiveness since 2009, when New England went for it on fourth-and-2 from its own 28 late in the fourth quarter against Indianapolis — and failed. Intrigued, Mangiero peppered his former player Brian Flores, then a Patriots assistant (and now the Miami Dolphins’ coach), about Coach Bill Belichick’s tactics.
And when the Ravens excelled last season on fourth down, Mangiero went to a game in Baltimore — his friend Joe Cullen is an assistant there — and discussed their methodology afterward with Coach John Harbaugh.
From Mahoney, Mangiero had heard about EdjVarsity, and asked him to use it to research whether Mater Dei should adjust its punting strategy. Breaking down the Seraphs’ 27-25 loss in last season’s state championship, he told Mangiero a story. On a video chat, Mahoney showed him a presentation detailing how certain decisions affected win probability.
“This whole thing is connected,” Mahoney told him. “All this stuff is chapters of a book. Let’s put the chapters together and write the whole book.”
Impressed, Mangiero, the next day, authorized investing $1,500 to buy an EdjVarsity yearly subscription. To acclimate himself, Mahoney would play an old edition of the Madden video game on simulation mode, pausing after each play to enter the updated details of the game.
Every week, as Mater Dei has tripped over the truth, Mahoney’s responsibilities have expanded. He now manages the clock and advises on 2-point conversion strategy. He communicates the fourth-down plan, based on the tablet readouts, early in the series to guide how Mangiero and the offensive coordinator, Taylor Groh, call plays.
If on third-and-7, for example, Groh knows that Mater Dei will be going for it on fourth-and-3 or less, he might call a play that could net 4 or 5 yards instead of trying to gain all 7 at once.
During the week, after synthesizing customized postgame reports, Mahoney prepares a slide show presentation for the coaching staff. One was so illuminating, Mangiero said, he showed it to the team as part of a larger message about precision.
By demonstrating that turnovers cost the Seraphs 15.5 percent in win probability in their previous game, he reframed the importance of ball security in more urgent terms. When someone jumps offsides in practice, Mangiero reinforced his point by saying the offender cost them a touchdown.
Mahoney marvels at how quickly Mater Dei has incorporated analytics, and to its advantage: The Seraphs (4-1) have won four consecutive games heading into Friday’s season finale and are positioned to earn a playoff berth.
He wants to continue bridging the gap between science and 150 years of football. He wants to educate coaches without demanding they conform. He wants to research and experiment, build templates and confidence. He also wants to be a head coach again, and to train an acolyte or two.
Until then, he will appreciate giving Mater Dei an edge, as he did against Middletown South.
As the final seconds ticked down in the Seraphs’ 10-3 victory, Mahoney bumped fists with the assistants flanking him. He grabbed his Columbia laptop bag — “I need to bring the nerd side of me to football games” — and his headset. One by one, they headed down the stairs, toward the field, to their team, to celebrate together.
PHOTOS: Working from a booth overlooking the field, George Mahoney ran analytics on a tablet while speaking to other Mater Dei coaches on a headset during a game on Oct. 17.; Above, Mahoney working with a kicker before the Oct. 17 game. Left, Mahoney watching the Seraphs, who have reached the state championship game in New Jersey in each of the past four years. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BRYAN ANSELM FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: November 7, 2020


End of Document




This Week’s Wedding Announcements
The New York Times 
July 28, 2019 Sunday 00:30 EST


Copyright 2019 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: FASHION; weddings
Length: 5737 words
Highlight: All of the weddings right here on one handy page for you.


Body


Alessandra Biaggi, Nathaniel Koloc
Alessandra Rose Biaggi and Nathaniel Smith Koloc met in January 2015 when both were New York City New Leaders Council fellows. They gathered in Manhattan to learn about progressive politics, entrepreneurship and campaigns one weekend a month for five months.
“In the first session we didn’t talk to each other,” Ms. Biaggi said, “but without saying anything there was an energy.”
Mr. Koloc could also sense her intensity and seriousness. “We were two of the people in the group who were asking speakers the hardest questions,’’ he said.
At the February meeting, after Mr. Koloc was offered the role of the director of talent acquisition and development on Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign-in-waiting team, he asked Ms. Biaggi about her job and her next move.
“I’m going to work in the White House,’’ said Ms. Biaggi without skipping a beat.
Mr. Koloc, taken by her moxie, asked if she would work on a campaign, which she quickly took to mean a local one.
“How about a presidential race,’’ he countered, and his calm audacity stunned her.
“Who is this person,’’ she recalled thinking.
At the March meeting Mr. Koloc, more sure-footed in his job, asked Ms. Biaggi to send her résumé to the campaign, and by May she was on its vetting team.
“Everything was urgent in the moment,’’ said Ms. Biaggi, who vetted anything that touched Mrs. Clinton, including staff, volunteers, individuals, locations and social media influencers. “It was total chaos and I loved it.”
After a few weeks of sitting six desks from each other, they began grabbing coffee together or walking along the Brooklyn Heights Promenade during breaks.
In June, as they left a Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett benefit at the Plaza, Ms. Biaggi’s mother called to tell her that her grandfather, Mario Biaggi, died, and was touched when Mr. Koloc then showed up at her grandfather’s wake.
“It was a meaningful and hard moment,” she said.
Read more.
Crystal Sanders, Uwemedimo Umoumoh
The couple were made aware of each other in March 2017. An uncle of Mr. Umoumoh, who also happened to be a colleague of Ms. Sanders at Penn State, told her she would be an excellent match for his nephew, who was teaching chemistry and geography at a middle school in Uyo.
“The person he described to me seemed like a really nice guy, but he happened to live on another continent,” Ms. Sanders said. “Besides, I wasn’t interested in getting set up.”
She passed along her email address and had all but forgotten about Mr. Umoumoh until the following month, when she received a message from him.
“One of the first things he tells me is that he has no interest in a relationship, and that he was pretty much calling as a favor to his uncle, because when an elder in Nigeria asks you to do something, you just do it,” Ms. Sanders said.
They proceeded to chat for a while and emailed each other periodically. He eventually asked for her phone number and began texting her, and by early October 2017, they were chatting on the phone.
“It had really turned into a pretty nice friendship,” Mr. Umoumoh said. “We even started giving each other dating advice.”
Ms. Sanders began to see Mr. Umoumoh in a different light “when he began talking about his personal life and the failed relationships he was a part of,” she said. “He was the first guy I ever knew who did not place all of the blame on the women he had broken up with, choosing instead to put a lot of the blame squarely on his shoulders, and I admired the fact that he was honest and mature enough to admit that.”
A world away, Mr. Umoumoh’s admiration and feelings for Ms. Sanders were also blossoming.
“Despite the distance between us, we had so many things in common, especially the fact that we have a very strong Christian faith,” he said. “Every conversation was better than the one before, and the one thing I really enjoyed about talking to her was that she let me be myself.”
Read more.
Nathan Mayercsik, Jacob Schneider
Nathan Paul Mayercsik and Jacob Christopher Schneider were married July 27 at the Curtis Denver, a hotel in Denver. Lisa Pena, a Universal Life minister and a friend of the couple, officiated.
Dr. Mayercsik (left), 31, is a senior engineer at Exponent, a science and engineering consultancy in Menlo Park, Calif. He is also a member of the Colorado L.G.B.T. Bar Association. He graduated from the University of Delaware and received a doctorate in civil engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta.
He is the son of Karen A. Mayercsik and Paul R. Mayercsik of Milton, Del.
Mr. Schneider, 29, will take Dr. Mayercsik’s surname. He is an inside sales representative at OpenTable, an online and mobile dinner reservation platform based in San Francisco. He graduated from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville, and recently earned a certification in business insight and data analytics from the University of Denver.
He is the son of Barbara J. Schneider and Master Sgt. Andrew P. Schneider of Maryville, Tenn.
The couple met in 2014 through the dating app OkCupid.
Hayley Duus, Ryan Hosie
Katherine Hayley Duus and Ryan Arthur Hosie were married July 27 at Blue Hill at Stone Barns in Tarrytown, N.Y. The Rev. Stephanie Johnson, an Episcopal priest, officiated.
Mrs. Hosie, 30, who is known as Hayley, is a senior product manager at Amazon Web Services in New York. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and received an M.B.A. from Columbia.
She is a daughter of Nancy E. Cooper and Andreas Duus III of Riverside, Conn. The bride’s father is a member of the board of estimate and taxation in Greenwich, Conn. Her mother worked in New York as an executive vice president and chief financial officer for CA Technologies, a maker of corporate software based in Islandia, N.Y. She serves as a board director for Guardian Life Insurance, which is based in New York.
Mr. Hosie, also 30, is a senior analyst at AGL Credit Management, an investment management firm in New York. He graduated from Bentley University in Waltham, Mass.
Anna Devine, Jacob Anbinder
Anna Patricia Devine and Jacob Pomeroy Anbinder were married July 27 at the M.I.T. Chapel in Cambridge, Mass. Rahul S. Kini, a friend of the couple, officiated, having received permission from Massachusetts to solemnize the marriage.
Ms. Devine, 31, is the communications manager for digital media at Harvard University’s Graduate School of Design in Cambridge. She graduated from Brown.
She is a daughter of Ellen DeSimone Devine and Thomas A. Devine of Block Island, R.I. The bride’s father is the president of Devine Mulvey Longabaugh, a Democratic media consulting firm in Washington. Her mother was a stay-at-home parent.
Mr. Anbinder, 27, is a doctoral candidate in American history at Harvard. He graduated cum laude from Yale.
He is the son of Jordana Pomeroy of Miami and Tyler G. Anbinder of Arlington, Va. The groom’s mother is the director of the Patricia &amp; Phillip Frost Art Museum at Florida International University in Miami. His father is a professor of American history at George Washington University in Washington. The groom is also the stepson of Lisa J. Anbinder, a stay-at-home parent.
The couple met in 2007 when both were summer interns in the Washington office of Senator Edward M. Kennedy; they started dating in 2010.
Chris Frakes, Rory McMahon
Christie Nicole Frakes and Rory Michael McMahon were married July 27 at Saratoga Springs Weddings and Events, an events space in Saratoga, Calif. Erin Pagtakhan, a friend of the couple, was deputized by the San Francisco Office of the County Clerk to officiate.
The bride, 30, is a vice president for strategy at Wells Fargo in San Francisco. She graduated with honors from Mills College in Oakland, Calif., and received a master’s degree in English from California State University, East Bay.
She is the daughter of Corazon Partridge of Livermore, Calif., and the late Kim Michael Frakes. The bride is also the stepdaughter of Stephen Partridge.
The bride’s mother is a medical assistant at Kaiser Permanente in Livermore. Her father was a courier with FedEx in Hayward, Calif. He also served as a paratrooper in the Army from 1979 to 1984, and was last stationed at Camp Parks in Dublin, Calif.
The groom, also 30, is a fifth-grade teacher at Dianne Feinstein Elementary School in San Francisco. He graduated from the University of California, Davis with two bachelor’s degrees, one in philosophy and the other in political science, and received a master’s degree in teaching from the University of the Pacific in Sacramento.
He is the son of Lynn Ada McMahon and Christopher McMahon of Oakley, Calif. The groom’s mother was a stay-at-home parent. His father is retired from the San Francisco Plumber’s Union.
The couple met on the dating app Bumble and had their first date in November 2015 at a bar in San Francisco.
Lee Rotenberg, Zachary Tcheyan
Lee Allen Rotenberg and Zachary Nils Tcheyan were married July 27. Rabbi Or Rose officiated at the Hayfield, a wedding space in Maplecrest, N.Y.
Ms. Rotenberg, 33, is a founder of IvyMark, a New York company that provided business and project management software for interior design firms and that was acquired in 2018 by Houzz, a Palo Alto, Calif., company that offers home-remodeling information and for which she now serves as the director for industry solutions. She graduated from Colby College in Waterville, Me.
She is a daughter of Bonnie Allen Rotenberg and Jon F. Rotenberg of Chestnut Hill, Mass. The bride’s father is the owner of Eastern Yacht Sales in Hingham, Mass., and was the chairman of the Winchendon School, a boarding school in Winchendon, Mass., from 1978 to 2009. Her mother retired as the founder of Restaurant Brokers of America, a real estate company that was in Boston.
Mr. Tcheyan, also 33, is a vice president in the asset management division of Goldman Sachs, the New York investment bank. He graduated from Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Me.
He is a son of Karen Peake Tcheyan and Nils O. Tcheyan of Harpswell, Me. The groom’s mother was a stay-at-home parent, and from 2007 to 2012, she was the program director at CollegeTracks, a college access and success program for first-generation-to-college students in Maryland; she is now a director of the organization. His father retired as the operations director for the Africa region at the World Bank, in Washington, and is now the chairman of Maine Media Workshops, a photography, film and media school in Rockport, Me.
A mutual friend introduced the couple in 2013, but nothing came of it until four years later, when the same friend insisted that the two go on a date. They did, and hit it off immediately.
William Kramer II, Peter Cipkowski
William Samuel Kramer II and Peter Edward Cipkowski were married July 27 at Gedney Farm in New Marlborough, Mass. Brenda Shufelt, a childhood friend of Mr. Cipkowski who received a one-day solemnization certificate from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, officiated.
Mr. Kramer (left), 51, is the vice president for development at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, the performing arts center. Until 2016, he was the managing director of the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures in Los Angeles. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and received a Master of Urban Planning from N.Y.U.
He is the son of Joanne E. Kramer of Perry Hall, Md., and Glenn W. Kramer of Houston. The groom’s mother retired as an administrator with the liver transplant program at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore. His father retired as the president of Network Security Services, a software consulting and management firm that was based in Houston, of which he was a founder.
Mr. Cipkowski, 59, is the town supervisor of Hillsdale, N.Y., in Columbia County, and an educational technology consultant. He graduated from Bard College and received a master’s degree in education focusing on the history of education and instructional design from Carnegie Mellon University.
He is a son of the late Ruth E. Cipkowski and the late Joseph A. Cipkowski, who lived in Copake Falls, N.Y. The groom’s parents owned and operated the Taconic Wayside Inn in Copake Falls.
The couple, who never really went on dating apps, met in March 2017 after trying Tinder, which geographically brought them together in Providence, R.I. Mr. Kramer, who lived in Brooklyn, was there as a consultant at the Rhode Island School of Design and Mr. Cipkowski, who lived in Hillsdale, was speaking at an educational technology conference at Brown.
Bonnie Klugman, Robert Romano
Bonnie Hope Klugman and Robert William Romano were married July 26. Douglas J. Martino, a town justice in North Castle, N.Y., officiated at the couple’s home in Armonk, N.Y.
Ms. Klugman, 54, is a partner, specializing in executive compensation and employment law, in Becker, Glynn, Muffly, Chassin &amp; Hosinski, a law firm in New York. She graduated from Cornell and received a law degree from Yeshiva University.
She is a daughter of Rita Rattner of New Rochelle, N.Y., and the late Michael W. Rattner. The bride’s parents owned Coram Bake Shop in Coram, N.Y., and Waverly Bake Shop in Farmingville, N.Y., and later M &amp; R Bake Shop, which was in Melville, N.Y.
Mr. Romano, 60, is a lawyer in private practice in Armonk, and specializes in hospitality and State Liquor Authority matters. He graduated from N.Y.U. and received a law degree from New York Law School.
He is the son of Renate H. F. Romano and Samuel Romano of New York. The groom’s mother retired as the special events coordinator for the Council of Churches of the City of New York, a policy and advocacy organization. The groom’s father retired as a vice president of Marsh &amp; McLennan Companies, the New York insurance concern.
The bride’s previous marriage ended in divorce, as did the groom’s.
Ms. Klugman and Mr. Romano have both lived in Armonk for more than 20 years, and she recalls meeting him for the first time when he knocked on her door. “He ran for office and he did come to my door so I could sign a petition, but we really didn’t know each other very well at all,” she said.
That changed in 2017, when both were at a gala for the Northern Westchester Hospital, and he asked her to dance. “We danced the first dance and we said we’re not going to stop dancing,” he recalled.
Tracy MacKenzie, Tyler Mixter
Tracy Robin MacKenzie and Jason Tyler Mixter were married July 26 at Town Hall in Amenia, N.Y. Dawn Marie Klinger, the town clerk, officiated. On July 27, the couple took part in a celebration ceremony led by Andrew Karas, a friend of the couple, at Lion Rock Farm, an events space and working farm in Sharon, Conn.
The bride, 32, is the director of philanthropy at Standard Industries, a global industrial company in New York with interest in building materials. She graduated from Northwestern and received a master’s degree in education from George Mason University. She is also an alumna of Teach for America in Washington.
She is a daughter of Campbell Watts of Palermo, Me., and Douglas S. MacKenzie of San Francisco. The bride’s father is a partner in A. T. Kearney, a consulting firm based in Chicago. Her mother is a farmer and cider maker in Palermo who sits on the board of Hardy Girls, Healthy Women, a nonprofit organization empowering young women in Maine. The bride is also a stepdaughter of Laurie Hurley MacKenzie and John P. Bunker.
The groom, who is 35 and known as Tyler, is the vice president for research at Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, an investment firm in Manhattan. He graduated from Amherst College and received an M.B.A. from N.Y.U.
He is a son of Nancy Schaefer and Peter Mixter, both of New York. The groom’s mother is the managing partner in Consumer Dynamics, an innovation and branding firm in New York that she helped found. His father, who is retired, is a former managing director at Sanders Morris Harris, an investment firm in New York.
The couple were introduced in 2014 by a mutual friend and a former classmate of both their mothers through an email with the subject line: “A Meddling Mama and a Man.”
Monica Alba, Dan Merica
Monica Alba and Dan Patrick Merica were married July 27 at West Shore Cafe and Inn in Homewood, Calif. J. P. Alanís, the bride’s brother-in-law who became a Universal Life minister for the occasion, officiated on the shores of Lake Tahoe.
The bride, 31, and the groom, 30, are political reporters, she for NBC News in Washington, he for CNN in Washington.
The bride graduated from the University of Southern California and received a master’s degree in journalism from Columbia.
She is a daughter of Mari Alba and Manuel Alba of San Jose, Calif.
The groom graduated from Bentley University and received a master’s degree in journalism and public affairs from American University.
He is the son of Diane Dickerson of Brewer, Me.
The couple first met in Manchester, N.H., in August 2015 while covering Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, but did not start dating until the following spring.
Jonathan Weed, Robert Niles
Jonathan Daniel Weed and Robert Brian Niles were married July 27 at Kleinhans Music Hall in Buffalo. Judge J. Paul Oetken of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, for whom Mr. Niles served as a law clerk, officiated at a ceremony incorporating Jewish and Christian traditions.
In September, Mr. Weed (left), 31, is to begin work as an assistant professor of mathematics and data science at N.Y.U. He graduated magna cum laude from Princeton and received a Ph.D. in mathematics and statistics at M.I.T.
He is the son of Debra L. Weed and Daniel M. Weed of San Jose, Calif. Mr. Weed’s mother, who was a stay-at-home parent, until 1994 worked as a layout designer at Cypress Semiconductor in San Jose. She now volunteers as a Roman Catholic chaplain at various Santa Clara County jails. His father retired as the director of design at Global Foundries, a semiconductor company in Santa Clara, Calif.
Until this month, Mr. Niles, 30, served as a law clerk for Justice Elena Kagan of the Supreme Court. He graduated magna cum laude from Harvard, from which he also received a law degree magna cum laude and an M.B.A.
He is a son of Ellen L. Niles and Dr. Charles R. Niles of Buffalo. Mr. Niles’s father, an ophthalmologist specializing in glaucoma surgery, is the president of Ophthalmology Associates of Western New York, a group practice in Williamsville, N.Y., of which the groom’s mother is the head administrator. He is also a clinical assistant professor in the department of ophthalmology at the University at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences.
The couple will be taking the name Niles-Weed.
In fall 2011, a mutual friend of the couple encouraged them to meet for a drink in New York, but with busy schedules it took until the following April for them to get together. Their connection was immediate, and Mr. Weed skipped a book club meeting for their second date to see Mozart’s “Don Giovanni” at Juilliard. Although Mr. Niles planned to move to Boston in a few weeks, they decided to give their relationship a shot. Six years later they announced their engagement at a dinner with their parents and siblings in Washington.
Julianne Quinn, Alexander Looi
Julianne Dorothy Quinn and Alexander Hao Rong Looi were married July 27 at the Statler Hotel on the campus of Cornell in Ithaca, N.Y. Barbara Behrmann, a minister ordained by the American Humanist Society, officiated.
Dr. Quinn, 30, is an assistant professor of environmental systems engineering at the University of Virginia. She graduated from Columbia and received a Ph.D. in environmental engineering from Cornell. The bride is also a competitive runner who qualified for the Olympic Trials, which will be held in Atlanta on Feb 29, 2020, where she will compete in the women’s marathon.
She is a daughter of Mary Bowe Quinn and Robert Michael Quinn of Bedford, N.H. The bride’s father is an accountant at Amphenol, a company based in Manchester, Me., that designs, manufactures and markets electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, coaxial and flat-ribbon cable, and interconnect systems.
Mr. Looi, also 30, is a data science engineer at Commonwealth Computing Research in Charlottesville, Va., an artificial intelligence and data science firm. He graduated from Cornell and received two master’s degrees, one in ecology from SUNY Environmental Science and Forestry and the other in complex systems and data science from the University of Vermont.
He is a son of Susan S. Cheng-Looi and Mark T.K. Looi of Seattle. The groom’s mother works in Seattle as a senior computer scientist developing software for publishing products at Adobe, the computer software company based in San Jose, Calif. His father is the president of a software consulting company in Seattle that bears his name.
The couple met in August 2011 in Ithaca.
Claire Cushman, Stuart Reid
Claire Elizabeth Cushman and Stuart Allan Reid were married July 27 at the summer place of the bride’s family in Sorrento, Me. The Rev. Nathan S. Speck-Ewer, an Episcopal priest, officiated.
Ms. Cushman, 31, is a painter who specializes in landscapes and will show her work in August at Star Gallery in Northeast Harbor, Me. Until June, she was a high school English teacher at the Brooklyn campus of Basis Independent Schools, a network of private schools. She graduated from Brown and received a master’s degree in painting from the New York Academy of Art.
She is the daughter of Heather M. Lawson and John G. Cushman of Toronto. The bride’s father is a vice president in the private client group at Beutel, Goodman &amp; Company, an investment manager in Toronto. Her mother was a stay-at-home parent.
Mr. Reid, 33, is a managing editor at Foreign Affairs magazine, a publication of the Council on Foreign Relations, in Manhattan. He graduated summa cum laude from Dartmouth.
He is a son of Carol Findlay Reid and Dr. Andrew J. Reid of Haverford, Pa. The groom’s father, an otolaryngologist, retired as a partner in Findlay Ear Nose and Throat, a group medical practice in Findlay, Ohio. His mother was a stay-at-home parent.
The couple met in 2016 when Ms. Cushman asked her brother to help increase attendance at her art opening in Long Island City, Queens, and he invited Mr. Reid and others to the event. “I took one of her business cards and texted her, and that led to our first date,” he said.
Annie Thim, Romain Pastorelli
Annelise Narvell Thim and Romain Pastorelli were married July 25 in a civil ceremony at the town hall of Perreux-sur-Marne, France, where the town’s mayor, Christel Royer, officiated. On July 27, the couple took part in a celebration ceremony at Le Manoir des Prévanches, an events space in Boisset-les-Prévanches, France.
The bride, who is 29 and known as Annie, is a manager at Business for Social Responsibility, an American-based nonprofit consulting firm in Paris. She graduated magna cum laude from the University of Georgia and received a master’s degree in international affairs from the American University of Paris.
She is the daughter of Alexandra Narvell Thim and the Rev. Paul Russell Thim Sr. of Decatur, Ga. The bride’s father, an Episcopal priest, recently retired from the clinical staff of MARR, an addiction treatment program in Atlanta. Her mother retired as a bookkeeper with Kittredge Magnet School, an elementary school in Atlanta.
The groom, 30, is a financial manager at Procter &amp; Gamble in Paris. He graduated from ENSAM in Angers, France, with a degree in industrial and mechanical engineering and a master’s degree in sustainable product development from the University of Strathclyde, Scotland. He also received a master’s degree in strategic management from the HEC Paris.
He is a son of Evelyne Pastorelli and Robert Pastorelli of Le Perreux-sur-Marne. The groom’s mother, who worked in Paris, retired as an information technology project manager with the Ministry of Finance. His father retired as an information technology engineer from the Ministry of Environment’s technology and data department, also in Paris.
The couple were introduced in May 2014 by a mutual friend in Paris.
Melissa Ho, Robert Stenz
Melissa Ashley Ho and Robert Joseph Stenz were married July 27 in New York. The Rev. Brian G. Konzman performed the ceremony at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Ignatius Loyola, where he is an assistant pastor.
Ms. Ho, 31, is a vice president of Institutional Mortgage Capital, a real estate investment firm in Toronto. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, and from 1996 to 1998 was a cast member in “The King and I” revival at the Neil Simon Theater in New York.
She is a daughter of Maria Ho and John Ho of Fort Lee, N.J. Her father is the chief executive of Institutional Mortgage Capital, and also works in Toronto. Her mother was a founder of Yucky Cookies, a company that was in Jersey City and made cookies out of fruits and vegetables, before becoming a stay-at-home parent.
Mr. Stenz, also 31, is an associate, specializing in mergers and acquisitions in telecommunications, media and technology, in New York, at Lazard Frères &amp; Company, the investment bank. He is also a director and the technology director at the Ascend Educational Fund, an organization in New York that provides college scholarships and mentorship to immigrant students. He graduated from Cornell and received an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
He is a son of Rosanne Stenz of Somers, N.Y., and Robert D. Stenz of Long Beach N.Y. The groom’s mother is a senior accountant at Cardinal McCloskey Community Services, a social services agency in Valhalla, N.Y. His father is a lawyer in the Geico insurance office in Westbury, N.Y.
The couple met in 2014 through the dating app Hinge.
Jessie Cooper, Justin Peck
Jessica Marie Cooper and Justin John Peck were married July 27 at Sound River Studios, an events space in Long Island City, Queens. Yousef Abbasi, a friend of the couple who became a Universal Life minister for the event, officiated.
The bride, 38, who goes by Jessie, is head of partnership development at the Oracle Data Cloud in Manhattan. She graduated with honors from Brown, from which she also received a master’s in sociology.
She is the daughter of Barbara K. Cooper and Thomas M. Cooper of Tustin, Calif. The bride’s father is the director of professional development at Concordia University, Irvine. Her mother is a retired elementary, high school and special education teacher with the Santa Ana Unified School District.
The groom, also 38, is a director at the private bank of Citibank in Manhattan. He graduated from Indiana University.
He is a son of Valjean C. Peck of Suwanee, Ga., and the late John W. Peck. The groom’s mother is a residential real estate agent with Palmer House Properties in Atlanta. His father was the chief executive of Peck, a manufacturer of holiday gift tags based in Bloomington, Ind.
The couple’s first date was at a bar in Manhattan’s West Village in 2016, two days after they had matched on the dating app Bumble.
Jennifer Narvaez, Jack Roberts
Dr. Jennifer Lynn Narvaez and Jack Wade Roberts were married July 27. The Rev. Albert Duggan performed the ceremony at St. Mary’s Roman Catholic Church in Newport, R.I.
The couple met at Brown, from which both graduated. They then went to Emory University for graduate studies; she received a medical degree and he received a law degree.
Dr. Narvaez, 28, is a third-year resident in obstetrics and gynecology at Women and Infants Hospital in Providence, R.I.
She is a daughter of Dr. Normita L. Narvaez and Dr. Guillermo P. Narvaez of Ridgewood, N.J. The bride’s father is an emergency-medicine specialist at Veterans Affairs Hospital in East Orange, N.J. Her mother is an internal-medicine specialist in private practice in Bloomfield, N.J.
Mr. Roberts, also 28, is a staff lawyer in Atlanta for the Federal Labor Relations Authority.
He is the son of Diana Givens Sanders of Newnan, Ga., and David B. Roberts of Sharpsburg, Ga. The groom’s mother is a media specialist at Canongate Elementary School in Sharpsburg. His father is a truck driver with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 728 in Atlanta.
Helen Woolworth, Morgan Brown
Helen Shaw Woolworth and Maj. Morgan Ryan Brown were married July 27. The Rev. Ian M. Cron, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony at Stanwich Congregational Church in Greenwich, Conn.
Mrs. Brown, 31, was until June 30 the senior director for admissions at Episcopal High School in Alexandria, Va. She graduated from Davidson College in Davidson, N.C., and received a master’s degree in education from Vanderbilt.
She is a daughter of Jocelyn Shaw Woolworth and Richard G. Woolworth Jr. of Greenwich. The bride’s father is a founder of Telemachus, a mentoring organization in Greenwich for young professionals. Her mother is a marriage and family therapist at the Greenwich Center for Hope and Renewal.
Major Brown, 37, serves in the United States Army as a special operations commander stationed at Fort Campbell in Kentucky, and, in August, is to become the operations officer for a special operations training detachment at Fort Irwin, a national military training center in California. He returned earlier this month from a combat deployment overseas. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point and received a master’s degree in military art and science from the Army Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas.
He is a son of Kara Jones Brown and Mark S. Brown of San Antonio. The groom’s mother was a stay-at-home parent. His father is a civil-engineering consultant in San Antonio.
The groom’s previous marriage ended in divorce.
The couple met in 2017 in Centennial Park in Nashville, where the bride was taking summer courses for her graduate work, and where the groom was visiting for the weekend with his parents. The groom’s mother struck up a conversation with Ms. Woolworth about her golden retriever, Huckleberry, and after chatting for 20 minutes, Major Brown asked Ms. Woolworth for her phone number.
Patty Riady, Daniel Kiczek
Patty Nicole Riady and Daniel Matthew Kiczek were married July 27 at Holy Name of Mary Catholic Church in San Dimas, Calif. The Rev. Rich Danyluk, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony.
The bride, 32, is a senior manager in the Los Angeles nonprofit audit practice of Deloitte &amp; Touche, the accounting firm. She graduated magna cum laude from the University of Southern California.
She is a daughter of Susan Riady and Anton Riady of La Verne, Calif. The bride’s parents own Roady’s Restaurant in San Dimas.
The groom, 33, is a management consultant in Los Angeles for the accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young. He is a member of the transaction advisory services practice, advising clients on mergers and acquisitions. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and received an M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles.
He is a son of Regina D. Kiczek and Leonard P. Kiczek of Long Branch, N.J. The groom’s mother retired from the Westfield, N.J., public school district, where she was the supervisor of mathematics. His father is the founder of Kiczek and Rachinsky, a law firm in Bayonne, N.J., where he served as mayor from 1994 to 1998.
The couple met in 2016 through the dating app Coffee Meets Bagel.
Sarah Getto, William Pierce III
Sarah Elizabeth Getto and William Edward Pierce III were married July 27 at the home of the bride’s parents in Ketchum, Idaho. Terence C. Kern, a senior United States District Court judge for the Northern District of Oklahoma and a friend of the bride’s parents, officiated.
Mrs. Pierce, 32, owns Nolita Projects, a Brooklyn-based consulting firm focusing on creative project management. She graduated from N.Y.U., from which she also received a master’s degree in art history focusing on the influence of cybernetics on the Minimalist art movement.
She is the daughter of Judith P. Getto and Ernest J. Getto. The bride’s father is based in Ketchum as a managing director of Burford Capital, a finance firm focused on law based in Manhattan. He retired as a partner in the San Francisco office of the law firm Latham &amp; Watkins. Until 2009, her mother was a San Francisco Bay Area coordinator for the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth. She is on the board of the Sun Valley Music Festival, which runs a summer and winter classical music festival and year-round education programs.
Mr. Pierce, 38, is a partner and a managing director in the Manhattan office of White Oak Global Advisors, a private credit firm in San Francisco. He focuses on global strategy for lending opportunities and evaluates strategic platform acquisitions and investment. He graduated from Dartmouth.
He is a son of Elizabeth W. Pierce and William C. Pierce of Norwich, Vt. His father retired as an executive vice president and a group executive at Chemical Bank in Manhattan, now JPMorgan Chase. His mother retired as a partner in Williams-Pierce Interiors, a home-design firm in Manhattan.
The couple met in September 2017 on the dating app Bumble. During their first date at a Manhattan bar, they bonded over poker — he a serious player and she not so much — and what they called their similar weird literary tastes including Mary Roach’s book “Stiff: The Curious Life of Human Cadavers.”
Pooja Berdia, Nithil Kesavan
Dr. Pooja Berdia and Nithil P Kesavan were married July 27 at the Sheraton Mahwah Hotel in Mahwah, N.J. Mahesh Shastri, a Hindu priest, officiated.
Dr. Berdia, 27, is an optometrist for SightMD, an ophthalmology practice in Smithtown, N.Y. She graduated from the SUNY College of Optometry, from which she also received a doctorate in optometry.
She is a daughter of Dr. Shashi Berdia and Dr. Ajay Berdia of Shoreham, N.Y. The bride’s father is the director of stroke and interim chief of neurology at St. Charles Hospital in Port Jefferson, N.Y. Her mother is a medical director of psychiatry at Long Island Community Health Center in Shirley, N.Y.
Mr. Kesavan, 31, is a cybersecurity engineer for the law firm Simpson Thacher &amp; Bartlett in Manhattan. He graduated from St. John’s University in Jamaica, Queens He is a son of Kusumavally Kesavan and Purushothaman Kesavan of Franklin Square, N.Y. Mr. Kesavan’s mother was a nurse at Maimondes Medical Center in Brooklyn. His father is a chemist at Advanced Polymer Solutions, a manufacturer of specialty polymers in Port Washington, N.Y.
The couple met in 2014 at a Thai restaurant in Manhattan.
PHOTO:  (PHOTOGRAPH BY Roey Yohai Studios FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: July 29, 2019


End of Document




Where the STEM Jobs Are and Aren't
The New York Times
November 5, 2017 Sunday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
Section: Section ED; Column 0; Education Life Supplement; Pg. 10; EDUCATION LIFE
Length: 1381 words
Byline: By STEVE LOHR
Steve Lohr is a technology reporter for The Times.
Body


The national priority in education can be summed up in a four-letter acronym: STEM. And that's understandable. A country's proficiency in science, technology, engineering and mathematics is vital in generating economic growth, advancing scientific innovation and creating good jobs.
The STEM campaign has been underway for years, championed by policymakers across the ideological spectrum, embraced in schools everywhere and by organizations ranging from the YWCA to the Boy Scouts. By now, the term -- first popularized and promoted by the National Science Foundation -- is used as a descriptive identifier. ''She's a STEM,'' usually meant as a compliment, suggests someone who has a leg up in the college admissions sweepstakes. 
  Much of the public enthusiasm for STEM education rests on the assumption that these fields are rich in job opportunity. Some are, some aren't. STEM is an expansive category, spanning many disciplines and occupations, from software engineers and data scientists to geologists, astronomers and physicists.
  What recent studies have made increasingly apparent is that the greatest number of high-paying STEM jobs are in the ''T'' (specifically, computing).
  Earlier this year, Glassdoor, a jobs listing website, ranked the median base salary of workers in their first five years of employment by undergraduate major. Computer science topped the list ($70,000), followed by electrical engineering ($68,438). Biochemistry ($46,406) and biotechnology ($48,442) were among the lowest paying majors in the study, which also confirmed that women are generally underrepresented in STEM majors.
  ''There is a huge divide between the computing technology roles and the traditional sciences,'' said Andrew Chamberlain, Glassdoor's chief economist.
  At LinkedIn, researchers identified the skills most in demand. The top 10 last year were all computer skills, including expertise in cloud computing, data mining and statistical analysis, and writing smartphone applications.
  In a recent analysis, Edward Lazowska, a professor of computer science at the University of Washington, focused on the Bureau of Labor Statistics employment forecasts in STEM categories. In the decade ending in 2024, 73 percent of STEM job growth will be in computer occupations, but only 3 percent will be in the physical sciences and 3 percent in the life sciences.
  A working grasp of the principles of science and math should be essential knowledge for all Americans, said Michael S. Teitelbaum, an expert on science education and policy. But he believes that STEM advocates, often executives and lobbyists for technology companies, do a disservice when they raise the alarm that America is facing a worrying shortfall of STEM workers, based on shortages in a relative handful of fast-growing fields like data analytics, artificial intelligence, cloud computing and computer security.
  ''When it gets generalized to all of STEM, it's misleading,'' said Mr. Teitelbaum, a senior research associate in the Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School. ''We're misleading a lot of young people.''
  Unemployment rates for STEM majors may be low, but not all of those with undergraduate degrees end up in their field of study -- only 13 percent in life sciences and 17 percent in physical sciences, according to a 2013 National Science Foundation survey. Computer science is the only STEM field where more than half of graduates are employed in their field.
  If physicists and biologists want to enjoy the boom times in the digital economy, a few specialist start-ups will train them and find them jobs as data scientists and artificial intelligence programmers.
  Insight Data Science Fellows Program, which has offices in New York, Boston, Seattle and Palo Alto, Calif., began its first training program five years ago and now has 900 alumni working at companies like Facebook, LinkedIn, Airbnb, Amazon and Microsoft. Jake Klamka, a physicist who founded the program, kept hearing from Silicon Valley executives that they had considered hiring traditional scientists, but converting them to technologists seemed time-consuming and risky. So Mr. Klamka decided he would start a company to provide scientists a smoother pathway into the tech industry.
  Carlos Faham made that passage. He had an impressive academic career, with a string of grant awards and fellowships. His Ph.D. from Brown University was in dark-matter physics. After Brown, he was a postdoctoral fellow at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
  Dr. Faham loved the research, but after nearly two years he was feeling the strain of that life. By then, he had spent 12 years in college, graduate school and postgraduate research. His next step would be to compete for a handful of tenure-track teaching openings across the country. For the pricey Bay Area, he wasn't making enough. A postdoc researcher typically makes $40,000 to $60,000 a year.
  Dr. Faham had done serious programming for his physics research. He applied to tech companies, figuring they would be eager to hire someone with his intellectual firepower. He couldn't get an in-person interview. He was told his background was too academic. He fumbled a couple of phone screening interviews because the statistical and machine-learning problems were unfamiliar to him.
  ''It was like hitting a wall running at full speed, really humbling,'' he recalled.
  Dr. Faham joined the seven-week Insight Data Science Fellows program in 2015. There was no formal course work. Other than a few tutorials by industry people, the time was spent creating a product -- his was software for recognizing and tracking faces in video -- and training for interviews. That involved solving a programming problem on a white board and explaining his thinking. ''Interviewing is a muscle and you have to exercise it again and again,'' he said. After the program, he received six job offers. He accepted the offer from LinkedIn. (Insight is free for participants; hiring companies pay an undisclosed fee.)
  Today, Dr. Faham, 33, is a senior data scientist, working on a team that uses machine learning and statistical models to detect illicit activity on the social network, including fake job listings, ad fraud, spam and bot attacks.
  The range of data-intensive detective work, he said, is ''extremely rich'' and ''it moves so much faster than my previous world.'' He makes a ''pretty good six-figure salary,'' about five times what he did as a postdoctoral researcher.
  About 90 percent of those who enter the Insight program have landed jobs as data analysts, the company says, with a dropout rate of about 3 percent.
  Anasuya Das made a similar career move, but not one as far from her academic training. After the program, Dr. Das, whose Ph.D. is in neuroscience, joined the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, where she is now a senior data scientist. She works on a team that creates software tools for the center's doctors, nurses and researchers. One current project is a program to recommend the most promising clinical trials for individual cancer patients, based on their medical histories, age, gender and genetics.
  Data science is distinctly different from neuroscience, Dr. Das said, but some of the tools she employs, like a machine-learning technique called artificial neural networks, do take their inspiration from the brain. Her experience points to the larger trend that digital technologies like data science and artificial intelligence are increasingly being used in nearly every discipline. So technology and the other STEM fields merge.
  That is the thinking behind a new division of data sciences at the University of California, Berkeley, that started in July. The division is a response to student demand and advancing technology. Berkeley's ''Foundations of Data Science'' course attracted 1,200 students from more than 50 majors in the last academic year.
  The choice of the term ''division'' rather than ''institute,'' explained David Culler, the interim dean for data sciences, underlines its approach. ''We want this to be something foundational across the university, innovating with other disciplines, not differentiating from them,'' he said. ''This is the academic world mirroring what is happening in the larger economy.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/01/education/edlife/stem-jobs-industry-careers.html


Graphic

 
CHART: So Many Degrees, So Little Demand: The number of graduates with technical majors (shown: bachelor, master and Ph.D. degrees awarded in 2015-16) tends to outpace job openings (shown: 2014-24 projections, annualized). Computer science is the exception. (Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics, National Center for Education Statistics)       

Load-Date: November 5, 2017


End of Document




Where the STEM Jobs Are (and Where They Aren’t)
The New York Times 
November 1, 2017 Wednesday 00:00 EST


Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: EDUCATION; edlife
Length: 1447 words
Byline: STEVE LOHR
Highlight:  The enthusiasm for science education rests on the assumption that these fields are flush with opportunity. Physicists, go digital. 


Body


The national priority in education can be summed up in a four-letter acronym: STEM. And that’s understandable. A country’s proficiency in science, technology, engineering and mathematics is vital in generating economic growth, advancing scientific innovation and creating good jobs.
The STEM campaign has been underway for years, championed by policymakers across the ideological spectrum, embraced in schools everywhere and by organizations ranging from the YWCA to the Boy Scouts. By now, the term — first popularized and promoted by the National Science Foundation — is used as a descriptive identifier. “She’s a STEM,” usually meant as a compliment, suggests someone who has a leg up in the college admissions sweepstakes.
Much of the public enthusiasm for STEM education rests on the assumption that these fields are rich in job opportunity. Some are, some aren’t. STEM is an expansive category, spanning many disciplines and occupations, from software engineers and data scientists to geologists, astronomers and physicists.
What recent studies have made increasingly apparent is that the greatest number of high-paying STEM jobs are in the “T” (specifically, computing).
Earlier this year, Glassdoor, a jobs listing website, ranked the median base salary of workers in their first five years of employment by undergraduate major. Computer science topped the            list ($70,000), followed by electrical engineering ($68,438). Biochemistry ($46,406) and biotechnology ($48,442) were among the lowest paying majors in the study, which also confirmed that women are generally underrepresented in STEM majors.
“There is a huge divide between the computing technology roles and the traditional sciences,” said Andrew Chamberlain, Glassdoor’s chief economist.
At LinkedIn, researchers identified the skills most in demand. The top 10 last year were all computer skills, including expertise in cloud computing, data mining and statistical analysis, and writing smartphone applications.
In a recent analysis, Edward Lazowska, a professor of computer science at the University of Washington, focused on the Bureau of Labor Statistics employment forecasts in STEM categories. In the decade ending in 2024, 73 percent of STEM job growth will be in computer occupations, but only 3 percent will be in the physical sciences and 3 percent in the life sciences.
A working grasp of the principles of science and math should be essential knowledge for all Americans, said Michael S. Teitelbaum, an expert on science education and policy. But he believes that STEM advocates, often executives and lobbyists for technology companies, do a disservice when they raise the alarm that America is facing a worrying shortfall of STEM workers, based on shortages in a relative handful of fast-growing fields like data analytics, artificial intelligence, cloud computing and computer security.
“When it gets generalized to all of STEM, it’s misleading,” said Mr. Teitelbaum, a senior research associate in the Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School. “We’re misleading a lot of young people.”
Unemployment rates for STEM majors may be low, but not all of those with undergraduate degrees end up in their field of study — only 13 percent in life sciences and 17 percent in physical sciences, according to a 2013 National Science Foundation survey. Computer science is the only STEM field where more than half of graduates are employed in their field.
If physicists and biologists want to enjoy the boom times in the digital economy, a few specialist start-ups will train them and find them jobs as data scientists and artificial intelligence programmers.
Insight Data Science Fellows Program, which has offices in New York, Boston, Seattle and Palo Alto, Calif., began its first training program five years ago and now has 900 alumni working at companies like Facebook, LinkedIn, Airbnb, Amazon and Microsoft. Jake Klamka, a physicist who founded the program, kept hearing from Silicon Valley executives that they had considered hiring traditional scientists, but converting them to technologists seemed time-consuming and risky. So Mr. Klamka decided he would start a company to provide scientists a smoother pathway into the tech industry.
Carlos Faham made that passage. He had an impressive academic career, with a string of grant awards and fellowships. His Ph.D. from Brown University was in dark-matter physics. After Brown, he was a postdoctoral fellow at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
Dr. Faham loved the research, but after nearly two years he was feeling the strain of that life. By then, he had spent 12 years in college, graduate school and postgraduate research. His next step would be to compete for a handful of tenure-track teaching openings across the country. For the pricey Bay Area, he wasn’t making enough. A postdoc researcher typically makes $40,000 to $60,000 a year.
Dr. Faham had done serious programming for his physics research. He applied to tech companies, figuring they would be eager to hire someone with his intellectual firepower. He couldn’t get an in-person interview. He was told his background was too academic. He fumbled a couple of phone screening interviews because the statistical and machine-learning problems were unfamiliar to him.
“It was like hitting a wall running at full speed, really humbling,” he recalled.
Dr. Faham joined the seven-week Insight Data Science Fellows program in 2015. There was no formal course work. Other than a few tutorials by industry people, the time was spent creating a product — his was software for recognizing and tracking faces in video — and training for interviews. That involved solving a programming problem on a white board and explaining his thinking. “Interviewing is a muscle and you have to exercise it again and again,” he said. After the program, he received six job offers. He accepted the offer from LinkedIn. (Insight is free for participants; hiring companies pay an undisclosed fee.)
Today, Dr. Faham, 33, is a senior data scientist, working on a team that uses machine learning and statistical models to detect illicit activity on the social network, including fake job listings, ad fraud, spam and bot attacks.
The range of data-intensive detective work, he said, is “extremely rich” and “it moves so much faster than my previous world.” He makes a “pretty good six-figure salary,” about five times what he did as a postdoctoral researcher.
About 90 percent of those who enter the Insight program have landed jobs as data analysts, the company says, with a dropout rate of about 3 percent.
Anasuya Das made a similar career move, but not one as far from her academic training. After the program, Dr. Das, whose Ph.D. is in neuroscience, joined the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, where she is now a senior data scientist. She works on a team that creates software tools for the center’s doctors, nurses and researchers. One current project is a program to recommend the most promising clinical trials for individual cancer patients, based on their medical histories, age, gender and genetics.
Data science is distinctly different from neuroscience, Dr. Das said, but some of the tools she employs, like a machine-learning technique called artificial neural networks, do take their inspiration from the brain. Her experience points to the larger trend that digital technologies like data science and artificial intelligence are increasingly being used in nearly every discipline. So technology and the other STEM fields merge.
That is the thinking behind a new division of data sciences at the University of California, Berkeley, that started in July. The division is a response to student demand and advancing technology. Berkeley’s “Foundations of Data Science” course attracted 1,200 students from more than 50 majors in the last academic year.
The choice of the term “division” rather than “institute,” explained David Culler, the interim dean for data sciences, underlines its approach. “We want this to be something foundational across the university, innovating with other disciplines, not differentiating from them,” he said. “This is the academic world mirroring what is happening in the larger economy.”
Steve Lohr is a technology reporter for The Times.
CHART: So Many Degrees, So Little Demand: The number of graduates with technical majors (shown: bachelor, master and Ph.D. degrees awarded in 2015-16) tends to outpace job openings (shown: 2014-24 projections, annualized). Computer science is the exception. (Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics, National Center for Education Statistics)
Related Articles
• The Disappearing American Grad Student
• Six Myths About Choosing a College Major

Load-Date: November 9, 2017


End of Document




For Trump, 'the Polls That Matter' Are Those That Point to Victory
The New York Times
November 2, 2020 Monday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company
Section: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 18
Length: 1252 words
Byline: By Maggie Haberman
Body


President Trump's blinkered view of 2020 polling has created something of an alternate universe, even as his campaign struggles to find the voters he needs in the data it has.
When President Trump talks about polling, his focus is very much on survey-takers that he thinks are good for him. Polls that show him trailing Joseph R. Biden Jr. -- virtually all national polls -- are simply ''fake news.'' 
  The president's blinkered view has created something of an alternate universe, one not governed by polling averages or independent analysis but by declarative statements that, at times, feel as if they are coming out of nowhere.
  This month, Mr. Trump proclaimed on Twitter that he was ''winning BIG in all of the polls that matter.''
  Such polls seem to boil down to Rasmussen Reports, which consistently -- and in isolation -- has a rosier picture for the president nationally than other surveys do, and the Trafalgar Group, which has had better numbers for Mr. Trump in Midwestern states.
  His choose-your-own-adventure approach to polling that has shown little understanding of data science, and his pronouncements have come as his advisers are trying to take in serious polling and data analysis to make sense of what the electorate voting in 2020 will look like.
  It has been a hallmark of Mr. Trump's public commentary since the first time he ran for president that he treats polling as rigged against him if it isn't favorable for him. Despite his campaign spending $10 million over the past two years on some of the most sophisticated data available, the president prefers to use what he sees on the news. And he treats voter support as a mystical, rather than a mathematical, proposition.
  Some of Mr. Trump's advisers believe there is a wellspring of ''shy'' or ''hidden'' Trump voters -- predominantly whites without college educations in rural areas -- who are either not candid with pollsters about their choice for president, or aren't responsive to pollsters at all.
  This week, Mr. Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, gave his own view of how polling works to Fox News, trumpeting ''big data modeling'' over old-fashioned phone calling.
  ''I speak to all my state directors,'' said Mr. Kushner, who has positioned himself as the leader of the Trump campaign, though he is not in fact the campaign manager, adding, ''I do believe that polling with phones to people is an obsolete method, especially in the era of cancel culture. You've got a lot of snake oil salesmen who have kind of been in the business for a long time and they do this.''
  He concluded, ''They were all completely wrong last time, and they didn't make any modifications going forward.''
  That is not quite true: Though many state polls proved very wrong in 2016, the national polls that projected Hillary Clinton narrowly winning the most votes were close to the mark, and many polling outfits did make modifications, weighting, for instance, for educational backgrounds.
  Complaining that polls are ''skewed'' against Republicans has been a vocal pastime of Republican candidates for several election cycles, reaching a high pitch in 2012, when Mitt Romney was the party's presidential nominee.
  Officials continue to claim in 2020 that the public polling is wrong because they're ''skewed'' against Mr. Trump, overweighting Democrats in the samples.
  Robert Blizzard, a Republican pollster with Public Opinion Strategies, said that incumbents usually ended up ''on Election Day with a ballot share that is within a point or two of their October job approval score.'' In Mr. Trump's case, his average approval score is 45 percent, according to Real Clear Politics.
  The Trump campaign has spent years and presumably millions of dollars engaging white voters without college educations who are eligible to vote but did not vote in 2016. There are almost 1.5 million such potential voters in Michigan and more than two million in Pennsylvania.
  But at the end of the day, much of the ''hidden'' vote stays hidden -- that's why voter turnout isn't ever 100 percent, Mr. Blizzard said.
  Beyond the polling, the fundamentals shaping the electorate, like the economy and the record-breaking coronavirus surge, are ''increasingly ominous'' for Mr. Trump, said Liam Donovan, a veteran Republican strategist.
  ''Ironically, the polls may be the best thing the Trump campaign has going for it at this point,'' he said.
  While Mr. Trump makes polling a punchline, both his campaign and the Republican National Committee rely on data to decide where to allocate resources. One of the murkiest issues is modeling for which voters will turn out during a pandemic and an economic downturn.
  And the Trump campaign has kept polling data one of its deepest secrets since leaked internal polling early in the campaign prompted a shake-up of the polling team.
  The campaign has been using various analyses, not all of which overlap. Traditional polling has been handled by the Republican pollsters Tony Fabrizio and John McLaughlin, who were hired when Brad Parscale, the previous campaign manager, was running the effort; Mr. Parscale's deputy campaign manager, the former White House political director Bill Stepien, took over in July.
  There has also been analysis by the former Cambridge Analytica official Matt Oczkowski, who is referred to as ''Oz.'' Mr. Kushner has held up Mr. Oczkowski's analyses, which cut against public polling and suggest votes will break Mr. Trump's way in the final days of the campaign, people who have heard the comments said.
  The amount of polling from Mr. Fabrizio and Mr. McLaughlin has dwindled in recent weeks. Instead, Mr. Stepien quietly hired another pollster, Bill Skelly, who helped create the Republican National Committee's complex modeling for voter turnout scenarios and who is conducting data analysis for the camp, and Brock McCleary, who has worked with clients who include congressional Republicans. Mr. McCleary's estimates of Mr. Trump's poll standing are less ''negative'' than some other Trump pollsters, according to people close to the campaign.
  Mr. Parscale, who had worked fairly closely with the R.N.C., had envisioned continuous robust television ad spending through the year. Since he stepped aside, the Trump campaign, which has far less money than advisers had once anticipated, has slashed its television spending. Exactly what data has driven the allocation of the campaign's remaining ad spending is unclear.
  Two Republicans said that from the time Mr. Parscale was demoted until a meeting a few weeks ago, the campaign had not reviewed R.N.C. data that tracks specific voters and likelihood they'll support the president. That meeting was convened by Mr. Kushner to get the campaign and the R.N.C. to work together more effectively. Tim Murtaugh, a Trump campaign spokesman, denied that was the case, and a spokesman for the R.N.C. said the organizations were working effectively together.
  The R.N.C. turnout models vary by state, but in some scenarios, it shows Mr. Trump performing worse than he does in the campaign's own polls, two people briefed on the numbers said.
  Nonetheless, that meeting led to a final $26 million television allocation led by the R.N.C.
  Whether the weeks without a unified front between the campaign and the party committee will have been a significant factor in the outcome of the race remains to be seen. And whether the ''hidden'' voters the Trump team has sought matters more than a few percentage points is also unclear.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/01/us/politics/trump-polls.html


Graphic

 
PHOTO: President Trump at a rally in Montoursville, Pa., on Saturday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY Anna Moneymaker for The New York Times FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)               

Load-Date: November 2, 2020


End of Document




To Trump, ‘the Polls That Matter’ Point to Victory. The Rest Are ‘Fake.’
The New York Times 
November 1, 2020 Sunday 18:58 EST


Copyright 2020 The New York Times Company All Rights Reserved
Section: US; politics
Length: 1257 words
Byline: Maggie Haberman
Highlight: President Trump’s blinkered view of 2020 polling has created something of an alternate universe, even as his campaign struggles to find the voters he needs in the data it has.


Body


President Trump’s blinkered view of 2020 polling has created something of an alternate universe, even as his campaign struggles to find the voters he needs in the data it has.
When President Trump talks about polling, his focus is very much on survey-takers that he thinks are good for him. Polls that show him trailing Joseph R. Biden Jr. — virtually all national polls — are simply “fake news.”
The president’s blinkered view has created something of an alternate universe, one not governed by polling averages or independent analysis but by declarative statements that, at times, feel as if they are coming out of nowhere.
This month, Mr. Trump proclaimed on Twitter that he was “winning BIG in all of the polls that matter.”
Such polls seem to boil down to Rasmussen Reports, which consistently — and in isolation — has a rosier picture for the president nationally than other surveys do, and the Trafalgar Group, which has had better numbers for Mr. Trump in Midwestern states.
His choose-your-own-adventure approach to polling that has shown little understanding of data science, and his pronouncements have come as his advisers are trying to take in serious polling and data analysis to make sense of what the electorate voting in 2020 will look like.
It has been a hallmark of Mr. Trump’s public commentary since the first time he ran for president that he treats polling as rigged against him if it isn’t favorable for him. Despite his campaign spending $10 million over the past two years on some of the most sophisticated data available, the president prefers to use what he sees on the news. And he treats voter support as a mystical, rather than a mathematical, proposition.
Some of Mr. Trump’s advisers believe there is a wellspring of “shy” or “hidden” Trump voters — predominantly whites without college educations in rural areas — who are either not candid with pollsters about their choice for president, or aren’t responsive to pollsters at all.
This week, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, gave his own view of how polling works to Fox News, trumpeting “big data modeling” over old-fashioned phone calling.
“I speak to all my state directors,” said Mr. Kushner, who has positioned himself as the leader of the Trump campaign, though he is not in fact the campaign manager, adding, “I do believe that polling with phones to people is an obsolete method, especially in the era of cancel culture. You’ve got a lot of snake oil salesmen who have kind of been in the business for a long time and they do this.”
He concluded, “They were all completely wrong last time, and they didn’t make any modifications going forward.”
That is not quite true: Though many state polls proved very wrong in 2016, the national polls that projected Hillary Clinton narrowly winning the most votes were close to the mark, and many polling outfits did make modifications, weighting, for instance, for educational backgrounds.
Complaining that polls are “skewed” against Republicans has been a vocal pastime of Republican candidates for several election cycles, reaching a high pitch in 2012, when Mitt Romney was the party’s presidential nominee.
Officials continue to claim in 2020 that the public polling is wrong because they’re “skewed” against Mr. Trump, overweighting Democrats in the samples.
Robert Blizzard, a Republican pollster with Public Opinion Strategies, said that incumbents usually ended up “on Election Day with a ballot share that is within a point or two of their October job approval score.” In Mr. Trump’s case, his average approval score is 45 percent, according to Real Clear Politics.
The Trump campaign has spent years and presumably millions of dollars engaging white voters without college educations who are eligible to vote but did not vote in 2016. There are almost 1.5 million such potential voters in Michigan and more than two million in Pennsylvania.
But at the end of the day, much of the “hidden” vote stays hidden — that’s why voter turnout isn’t ever 100 percent, Mr. Blizzard said.
Beyond the polling, the fundamentals shaping the electorate, like the economy and the record-breaking coronavirus surge, are “increasingly ominous” for Mr. Trump, said Liam Donovan, a veteran Republican strategist.
“Ironically, the polls may be the best thing the Trump campaign has going for it at this point,” he said.
While Mr. Trump makes polling a punchline, both his campaign and the Republican National Committee rely on data to decide where to allocate resources. One of the murkiest issues is modeling which voters will turn out during a pandemic and an economic downturn.
And the Trump campaign has kept polling data secret since leaked internal polling early in the campaign prompted a shake-up of the polling team.
The campaign has been using various analyses, not all of which overlap. Traditional polling has been handled by the Republican pollsters Tony Fabrizio and John McLaughlin, who were hired when Brad Parscale, the previous campaign manager, was running the effort; Mr. Parscale’s deputy campaign manager, the former White House political director Bill Stepien, took over in July.
There has also been analysis by the former Cambridge Analytica official Matt Oczkowski, who is referred to as “Oz.” Mr. Kushner has held up Mr. Oczkowski’s analyses, which cut against public polling and suggest votes will break Mr. Trump’s way in the final days of the campaign, people who have heard the comments said.
The amount of polling from Mr. Fabrizio and Mr. McLaughlin has dwindled in recent weeks. Instead, Mr. Stepien quietly hired another pollster, Bill Skelly, who helped create the Republican National Committee’s complex modeling for voter turnout scenarios and who is conducting data analysis for the camp, and Brock McCleary, who has worked with clients who include congressional Republicans. Mr. McCleary’s estimates of Mr. Trump’s poll standing are less “negative” than some other Trump pollsters, according to people close to the campaign.
Mr. Parscale, who had worked fairly closely with the R.N.C., had envisioned continuous robust television ad spending through the year. Since he stepped aside, the Trump campaign, which has far less money than advisers had once anticipated, has slashed its television spending. Exactly what data has driven the allocation of the campaign’s remaining ad spending is unclear.
Two Republicans said that from the time Mr. Parscale was demoted until a meeting a few weeks ago, the campaign had not reviewed R.N.C. data that tracks specific voters and likelihood they’ll support the president. That meeting was convened by Mr. Kushner to get the campaign and the R.N.C. to work together more effectively. Tim Murtaugh, a Trump campaign spokesman, denied that was the case, and a spokesman for the R.N.C. said the organizations were working effectively together.
The R.N.C. turnout models vary by state, but in some scenarios, it shows Mr. Trump performing worse than he does in the campaign’s own polls, two people briefed on the numbers said.
Nonetheless, that meeting led to a final $26 million television allocation led by the R.N.C.
Whether the weeks without a unified front between the campaign and the party committee will have been a significant factor in the outcome of the race remains to be seen. And whether the “hidden” voters the Trump team has sought matters more than a few percentage points is also unclear.
PHOTO: President Trump at a rally in Montoursville, Pa., on Saturday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY Anna Moneymaker for The New York Times FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Load-Date: November 3, 2020


End of Document


Page 2 of 3Arianna Rosenbluth Dies at 93; Pioneering Figure in Data Science; Those We’ve Lost


 


 



Page 5 of 6When the Noise Never Stops: Coping With the Challenges of Tinnitus


 


 



Page 8 of 9Racism and Sexism Persist in Hiring Tech


 


 



Page 11 of 12We Need Laws to Take On Racism and Sexism in Hiring Technology


 


 



Page 13 of 14Europe’s Vaccine Mess; The Morning Newsletter


 


 



Page 17 of 18Even as Cases Drop, A Contagious Variant Is Gaining Ground


 


 



Page 20 of 21A Data-Science Lender Takes on Student Debt


 


 



Page 22 of 23Less Noise but More Money in Data Science


 


 



Page 24 of 25Less Noise but More Money in Data Science as More Businesses Hire


 


 



Page 26 of 27Looking to the Future of Data Science


 


 



Page 28 of 29The Pandemic May Make Your Hair Fall Out


 


 



Page 31 of 32What We Want to Know About GameStop; DealBook Newsletter


 


 



Page 36 of 37You’re Not Imagining It: The Pandemic Is Making Your Hair Fall Out; Skin Deep


 


 



Page 39 of 40Don't Be Embarrassed: Embrace the Blush


 


 



Page 42 of 43What’s Going On in This Graph? | World Cities’ Air Pollution


 


 



Page 46 of 47Embrace the Blush; skin deep


 


 



Page 49 of 50Why a Clash Of Internet Titans Never Happened


 


 



Page  of Behind a Secret Deal Between Google and Facebook


 


 



Page  of Using a Spiritual Director to Help Guide Your Way


 


 



Page  of What’s Going On in This Graph? | Mortality by Race


 


 



Page  of Can Spiritual Directors Help?


 


 



Page  of The 2020 Good Tech Awards


 


 



Page  of The 2020 Good Tech Awards; The Shift


 


 



Page  of Long Working Remotely, Company Shares Its Tips


 


 



Page  of Remote but Inclusive for Years, and Now Showing Other Companies How


 


 



Page  of When Algorithms Do the Grading


 


 



Page  of When Algorithms Give Real Students Imaginary Grades


 


 



Page  of A Cal Football Player Opted Out Because of the Virus. Then Came the Tuition Bill.


 


 



Page  of A Walk-On Opted Out. Then Came a $24,000 Bill.


 


 



Page  of How Democracy Can Survive Big Data


 


 



Page  of How Democracy Can Survive Big Data; The Stone


 


 



Page  of On Campus, Computer Science Departments Find a Blind Spot: Ethics


 


 



Page  of Tech’s Ethical ‘Dark Side’: Harvard, Stanford and Others Want to Address It


 


 



Page  of Football Gets a Dose of High School Math


 


 



Page  of Friday Night Bytes: Can Analytics Revolutionize High School Football?


 


 



Page  of This Week’s Wedding Announcements


 


 



Page  of Where the STEM Jobs Are and Aren't


 


 



Page  of Where the STEM Jobs Are (and Where They Aren’t)


 


 



Page  of For Trump, 'the Polls That Matter' Are Those That Point to Victory


 


 



Page  of To Trump, ‘the Polls That Matter’ Point to Victory. The Rest Are ‘Fake.’


 


 

